<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Homerun - fightfortherightsofhouse - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../4bmm3-htock.html">Homerun
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    fightfortherightsofhouseelves

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Homerun_split_005.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Homerun_split_007.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_7">managerial ejection: a sequel</h2>

    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Summary</p>
    <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">Sequel to touchdown, in which Harry and Ron tipsily discuss private affairs.</p></blockquote>

    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Notes</p>
      <div class="endnote-link">
        See the end of the chapter for  <a href="#endnotes5">notes</a>
      </div>
</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre9"><strong class="calibre2"> <em class="calibre8">Managerial ejection: </em> </strong> <em class="calibre8">the umpire has the right to toss the manager off the pitch; the manager may not touch, spit on, insult or shout at the umpire.</em></p><p class="calibre9"> </p><p class="calibre9"> “Mate, don’t get so pumped up –“</p><p class="calibre9">“Don’t you tell me what to do! You bloody traitor, you –“</p><p class="calibre9">“Ron, keep it down! Your Mum might hear and –“</p><p class="calibre9">“Let her hear! Maybe she’ll throw you out, like you deserve –“</p><p class="calibre9">“Oi! If you want me gone, I’m gone!”</p><p class="calibre9">They were both standing up now, chairs kicked aside. A million shades of red on his face, Ron was breathing hard, knuckles white from clutching his wand tightly. Across from him, Harry was torn between shoving a fork up his best mate’s flaring nostrils or just leaving immediately. Privately, he marveled at his own innocence in thinking that Ron might take this information nicely. Calmly. But then again, this was the person who threw tantrums for weeks because Hermione dared kiss another guy at one point in her life. Reason was not his finest point, and Harry would just have to step up and be the adult of the two. Or just give him a good smack, either one would do.</p><p class="calibre9">“Look, last year was different and bottom line is I’m not leaving her ever again. We’re both very serious about this and it’s not like I had it planned –“ he started to explain, trying hard not to grit his teeth. Unfortunately, Ron snorted halfway through his discourse and Harry had to dig his heels hard into the ground to stop himself from sprinting over to the redhead and bitchslapping him.</p><p class="calibre9">“What? You don’t believe me?” he asked, incensed.</p><p class="calibre9">“No, I don’t,” Ron spat.</p><p class="calibre9">Their eyes shot hexes and curses at each other. Harry had a vision of his younger self, throwing a POTTER STINKS badge flush into Ron’s throbbing forehead. He sighed. Ron might’ve had his pants in a twist, but he was still his best mate and he hated fighting with him.</p><p class="calibre9">“I know she’s your little sister –“</p><p class="calibre9">“YOU HAVE BESMIRCHED MY SISTER!” he bellowed, turning maroon.</p><p class="calibre9"><em class="calibre8">Besmirched? Besmirched?! Who still uses this word? Gormless prats like Ron, that’s who</em>. Harry growled to himself, having enough sense to silently cast Muffliato just in case any extra Weasley decided to join in on their merry conversation.</p><p class="calibre9">“Aren’t you getting a bit beyond yourself?” Harry cocked an eyebrow.</p><p class="calibre9">“DO NOT BLOODY TELL ME WHAT TO BLOODY DO, HARRY BLOODY POTTER! YOU TRAITOR, YOU FAKE FRIEND, YOU – YOU –“ Ron roared. “You stay away from my sister,” he added, almost in a whisper. His eyes turned to slits, his wand pointed in the young man’s direction.</p><p class="calibre9">“No,” Harry’s jaw was steeled. He was swiftly slipping into his stubborn persona, the one that would not rest until the plan was accomplished, until the goal was reached. And now the goal was to make the lunatic howling across from him understand that his relationship with Ginny was very serious and very much their business, even if he had to somehow insert this information into his skull.</p><p class="calibre9">For a moment, he thought Ron would throw him out and, privately, Ron really did ponder it. But then, something in Harry’s iron gaze made him remember the skinny, messy-haired child, with his glasses heavily wrapped in sellotape, a poor excuse for fixing them, and he knew he could not stoop so low. Harry was more than a brother and he had been since day one. He dropped his gaze, anger and confusion mixing inside his chest. He’d been brought up to care for and protect his little sister. But now that his best friend was involved, didn’t she still need caring and protecting? If he were to be honest, there was no other bloke he’d like to see Ginny with, so why did he react the way he did?</p><p class="calibre9">“I’m going up,” Ron mumbled and turned on his feet to leave.</p><p class="calibre9">Harry followed the mane of red hair disappear up the Burrow’s top landings. Cursing under his breath, he swung a hateful kick at his former chair. Sadly, the action brought him no vindication, but tears of pain and a searing panic that he might have broken his toe.</p><p class="calibre9">Using his wand, he lifted and straightened his chair, then collapsed into it. His head hurt from all the pent up frustration, and he pressed the tips of his fingers hard into his forehead. If only he could just throw a punch up Ron’s freckled face, he would definitely feel better. If only he could have kept his mouth shut. If only –</p><p class="calibre9">His train of thought was interrupted by a rustle of footsteps. Through his parted fingers, he saw his best mate’s dirty old sneakers descend towards him and he prepared for another round, possibly for a physical fight. He knew both of them had to blow off steam somehow.</p><p class="calibre9">Instead, Ron flung a heavy bottle of auburn liquid on the table, one that Harry recognized as Ogden’s Old Firewhisky. He looked up at Ron in surprise, wordlessly asking what that was all about.</p><p class="calibre9">“Mum and Dad are over at Bill’s,” he shrugged and drew his chair closer to the kitchen table. Without sparing Harry a glance, he tapped the lid with his wand and poured two glasses full of the burning liquid. One he grabbed for himself and the other he pushed to the other side of the table, to the dark-haired young man who was still gaping at him.</p><p class="calibre9">“Start talking,” he commanded.</p><p class="calibre9">“What?” Harry asked. He was still not catching on and everything he knew about the ginger boy told him this should not be happening. Instead, they should either continue their quarrel or retreat and avoid each other for days.</p><p class="calibre9">“You heard me. Drink and start talking,” Ron said coolly. Glaring at Harry, he took the first gulp and relaxed against his chair, sensing the sweet taste of the alcohol enveloping him. He had no palpable experience with drinking, but neither did Harry. Therefore, he was determined to outlast his friend and get the truth out of him.</p><p class="calibre9">The lightning on his forehead faintly prickled as he started draining his own glass. Wiping the corners of his mouth with the back of his hand, he caught a glimpse of the old scar, an aftermath of his scuffle with the old hag, Umbridge. <em class="calibre8">I must not tell lies</em>, it read. Fine. He won’t. If Ron wanted him to talk, then talk he will. No details spared, not even if Ron begged him to shut up.</p><p class="calibre9">“I couldn’t sleep,” he started, filling his glass once again. “I couldn’t sleep because I kept thinking that she’d be gone in the morning and we wouldn’t see each other for months.”</p><p class="calibre9">Ron frowned. He had been battling the same thoughts, and, if it weren’t for Hermione’s strict instructions that he shouldn’t come barging down her front door in the middle of the night, especially when her parents were home, he would have gone flying by her side.</p><p class="calibre9">“So I went downstairs to see how she was doing, maybe help her pack, if she needed any help,” he continued, and, hearing Ron’s muffled snort, he added “I’m serious, mate. I never thought that we would – you know,” he stared at his Firewhisky intensely, avoiding his friend’s burning gaze.</p><p class="calibre9">“Go on,” Ron heaved his chin as if to indicate the interview was not over yet.</p><p class="calibre9">“So I went in,” Harry scratched the back of his head, staling. “Everything was a mess and – and I reckon I haven’t drunk enough to tell you this.” He felt his ears catching fire at the memories and he silently prayed that he would not start grinning like a moron. He was still over the moon with joy, mind you, but now was not the time to show it.</p><p class="calibre9">“Then drink. Come on now, bottoms up,” Ron replied and clinked Harry’s full glass with his own. Both boys poured the liquid down their throats, heads leaned backwards. The glasses were refilled and once again they emptied them in one gulp. Three Firewhisky shots later, the dark-haired – and slightly inebriated wizard – felt he was confident enough to continue the story.</p><p class="calibre9">“She was so beautiful and had that blazing look, you know, almost like your Mum when she gets angry,” he explained, an amused expression on his face as he took another swig of alcohol.</p><p class="calibre9">“Oi, don’t you bring my Mum into this,” Ron threatened, stumbling upon his words.</p><p class="calibre9">“Sorry,” Harry giggled. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he was scandalized at his giggling. Giggling was not Harry Potter’s thing, no, sir.</p><p class="calibre9">Ron brought his fist to his cheek to support his head, propping his elbow into the table. If he concentrated hard enough, he two Harrys that sat in front of him would stop spinning. One of them poured another glass of Firewhisky and he heard himself command that they drink it immediately.</p><p class="calibre9">“She was looking at me in a way that I believe is so – so sexy,” he continued as his friend’s head hit the table in a failed attempt to show his disgust. “So we started undressing,” Harry hiccupped. “And she tried shoving my pants off and nearly fell off the bed,” he laughed, slapping his knee. Ron howled in equal tones of laughter, the image of his sister rolling off the mattress in an attempt to – erm – disrobe his best mate appearing suddenly very amusing.</p><p class="calibre9">“Then I was on top and I was very gentle,” he nodded to no one in particular, grasping for his glass and draining it once again.</p><p class="calibre9">“You fucking git, I’ll murder you,” Ron cried in drunken rage and tripped over the legs of his chair. Harry laughed harder, seeing his best mate crumpled on the floor. In his fit of laughter, he hadn’t noticed that he was leaning much too hard on his own chair, thus ending up with his back against the cold ground. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Ron crawling towards him. There was a manic glint in his blue orbs, one that reminded him so much of Hermione in her exam fever.</p><p class="calibre9">“Keep talking,” he said, shaking Harry by the neck of his shirt.</p><p class="calibre9">His spectacles askew, he tried repositioning them and licked his lips, tasting the last drops of Firewhisky. He smacked Ron’s hand, then rolled over and placed his palms under his head. Harry closed his eyes and tried to remember what happened next.</p><p class="calibre9">“Then we did it,” he said, squinting to stop the universe crushing onto him.</p><p class="calibre9">“Blimey, I bet you didn’t even last long enough,” Ron muttered, rolling the way Harry did and mimicking his position. Both boys were sprawled on the Burrow’s floor, the world whirling and twirling before their eyes.</p><p class="calibre9">“I did!” Harry blurted out, hurt in his masculine pride. He didn’t stop to think about it, but now that he did, he was quite delighted with himself. It had been very much enjoyable for both of them, he assured himself. It had been great, splendid even, right? Right?</p><p class="calibre9">“What did she say?” Ron asked, touching his elbow to his friend’s.</p><p class="calibre9">“That she loves me,” Harry declared, the animal in his chest roaring with pride.</p><p class="calibre9">“You’re dis-dis-disgusting,” the red-haired wizard stammered, seeing the ceiling come closer to him now.</p><p class="calibre9">“And you’re a git,” Harry pointed out. “And I love her. In fact, I’m quite barmy” he said, swinging an arm over his eyes and knocking his glasses aside in the process. He was positive he might vomit if he kept staring at the revolving ceiling. </p><p class="calibre9">A moment of silence stretched between the two drunken lads. Neither wanted to barf in front of the other, for that would mean losing the testosterone contest that had ensued between them. It was adamant that they hold on as tightly as possible and may the best man win.</p><p class="calibre9">“Mate?” Ron tried speaking; he felt that his tongue weighted a tone and the sheer effort of using it to articulate words was taking away his last amount of energy.</p><p class="calibre9">“Yeah?” Harry replied, his eyes in danger of rolling to the back of their sockets.</p><p class="calibre9">“What – y’know,” he tried moving his lips, but they didn’t quite comply. “What position did you use?”</p><p class="calibre9">At this, Harry jumped to his feet, which was a very bad idea in itself, especially when one takes into consideration the liter of Firewhisky digested by the eighteen year old mere minutes before. The walls came crashing into him and he plummeted back to the ground, nearly giving Ron a black eye in the process.</p><p class="calibre9">“Spit it out, you bloody wanker,” the younger Weasley tried sounding serious, dangerous, but to no avail. His only response was Harry choking on his own saliva while laughing and specifying that he’d never been called a wanker before. In truth, they’d never actually been this hammered before.</p><p class="calibre9">“I’m fucking serious, mate. You won’t see me running to George for advice. Oh, piss off!” he shoved a very amused Harry.</p><p class="calibre9">“Fine, fine,” he heaved. “I’ll tell you,” he added between chuckles. Ron propped his head up and stared at him with as much interest as someone in his state could.</p><p class="calibre9">“I think they call it the miss-narry,” Harry explained with an air of importance, butchering the word.</p><p class="calibre9">“The what?” Ron interrogated, leaning down over Harry to better hear his maudlin answer.</p><p class="calibre9">“The miss-narry,” he said again, a little spit coming out of his mouth. He wiped it with the tips of his fingers and flipped his form to face Ron. “It’s when she’s laying on her back and you get on top,” he continued his report and his friend nodded in acknowledgement.</p><p class="calibre9">“Bollocks,” Ron hiccupped.“Anything else, then?” he asked, slightly pouting.</p><p class="calibre9">“No, mate, wha’s wrong with’ya?” Harry’s head slipped from its support in utter shock.</p><p class="calibre9">“I mean, was that all?”</p><p class="calibre9">“Whaddya mean?!” Harry spat. “What else was I supposed to do?”</p><p class="calibre9">Fear started clawing at his tipsy heart. What if he completely failed Ginny? What if she hated him now? What if she thought he couldn’t even satisfy her? Shame started mingling with fear and alcohol, and he wanted to bang his head on the floor as many times as he needed to lose consciousness. All of a sudden, being awake felt extremely painful.</p><p class="calibre9">“Dunno, I just imagined you’d be up all night – you know – heavily…shagging,” Ron scratched his forehead, banishing his bangs from his eyes.</p><p class="calibre9">“Yeah, right,” Harry exhaled in a spontaneous fit of honesty. “You’re lucky if you can hold it for ten minutes,” he grunted, collapsing on his back again.</p><p class="calibre9">“You mean…hold it up?”</p><p class="calibre9">Harry screamed with mirth. At least, he had no problem with <em class="calibre8">that. </em>Oh no, he considered himself to be excelling at this particular aspect, thankyouverymuch. Opening his eyes, he recognized a blurred Ron hovering above him.</p><p class="calibre9">“Gerrof!” he wailed, trying to push his best friend off him. “What the actual fuck?” he asked, poking Ron in the chest.</p><p class="calibre9">“I’ll pretend it’s not my little sister we’re talking about if you give me more details. Did you give her the ol’ Aussie kiss, because I was close to doing it to Hermione, but then –“</p><p class="calibre9">“Ron, Hermione’s like my sister, you can’t tell me that!” Harry pressed both palms to his eyes, trying to get rid of the mental image of his two best mates starkers, going down on each other. “You’re positively mad,” he concluded, disregarding the fact that nothing but a deep state of ebriety would determine Ron to pry into his sister’s - and his very own - private affairs, begging for details.</p><p class="calibre9">“She’s not your sister, you berk. Her name is Granger, you are Potter,” the redheaded boy justified, employing a tone close to what Harry used when talking to Teddy.</p><p class="calibre9">“I said like my sister,” he sighed. “I did, though,” Harry slightly grinned and Ron’s mouth opened in amazement. The raven-haired boy acted as though he was confessing he could perform the Wronski feint with his eyes closed, and he felt chuffed to bits.</p><p class="calibre9">Ron marveled at how experienced his best friend was, when he thought him more ignorant than his own self. Bloody hell, Harry was awful with women, that much he always reckoned. It was one of the few areas where he didn’t outshine Ron. And he, Ron Weasley, was still ignorant by circumstance, not by his own will, if he had to admit. Nevertheless, this was a heavenly chance to shed his ignorance and take a step closer to becoming a man. In his own woozy mind, at least.</p><p class="calibre9">“Is-t c-complicated?” he stumbled, words melting into each other.</p><p class="calibre9">“Nah. Tell you what, when you get to it, call for me and I’ll Apparate there to offer you the necessary instructions,” Harry patted his friend on the shoulder and instantly burst into laughter.</p><p class="calibre9">“Piss off,” Ron shot, sincerely disappointed.</p><p class="calibre9">Hours later, when Mr and Mrs Weasley stepped out of the green flames and into their usually tidy kitchen, they almost stomped on two very drunk boys. Their own son and their almost son were snoring loudly, having fallen asleep into each other’s arms. Two chairs were kicked to the ground and the remnants of the Ogden’s Old Firewhisky bottle drenching the wooden floor.</p><p class="calibre9">“Dear, I think it’s time we took out the hangover potion once again,” Mr Weasley gently told his wife, who was currently at a loss for words. Her eyes were throwing daggers at the two unlucky teens and her husband turned around to smile. He was familiar with the storm which was about to come and he’d make sure to have some business as far away as possible. This was definitely not the first time they were greeted by whisky-soaked snores. He rapidly reminisced the younger versions of Bill and Charlie slouched under the kitchen table in pretty much the same fashion. Of course, Fred and George had been too precocious in their alcoholic adventures, as they’d been in all shenanigans. And there had been that one incident with Percy not so long ago. Indeed, the Weasley house had never been shy of men and their antics.</p><p class="calibre9">A shower of ice cold water emitted from the matron’s wand brought the wasted blokes to their feet, teeth chattering and spitting out blasphemies.</p><p class="calibre9">“Ronald. Bilius. Weasley!” Arthur Weasley heard the dulcet tones of his wife’s voice before he took refuge in his old garage, chuckling.</p>
</div>


  <div class="calibre1" id="endnotes5">
    <p class="calibre7">Chapter End Notes</p>
    <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">I will never get over the fact that, whenever they have this conversation, they are actually talking about each other's sister. Awkwardness alert! Anyway, bless them, they're so adorable!</p></blockquote>
  </div>

      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_12"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../4bmm3-htock.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_002.xhtml">first base</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_003.xhtml">second base</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_004.xhtml">third base</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_005.xhtml">fourth base|homerun</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_006.xhtml">managerial ejection: a sequel</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_007.xhtml">breaktime</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_008.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Homerun_split_005.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../4bmm3-htock.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Homerun_split_007.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
