<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Homerun - fightfortherightsofhouse - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../4bmm3-htock.html">Homerun
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    fightfortherightsofhouseelves

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Homerun_split_004.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Homerun_split_006.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_6">fourth base|homerun</h2>


    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Notes</p>
      <div class="endnote-link">
        See the end of the chapter for  <a href="#endnotes4">notes</a>
      </div>
</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre9">
  <strong class="calibre2">
    <em class="calibre8">Fourth base</em>
  </strong>
  <em class="calibre8">: going all the way; touchdown.</em>
</p><p class="calibre9">They thought they would never be apart again, not for this long. Of course, the thought that Ginny was going back for her final year at Hogwarts had completely eluded them for most of the summer. So much had been going on. So much was changing and so little remaining the same. The summer had been a whirlwind and Harry could not, for the life of him, remember days. No days seemed to have existed, but only emotions, emotions stretched to cover four months of grief, anxiety, and delirious exuberance. It had no sense, but he was feeling all these; they were profoundly scratched into him, they had become part of his being. He latched onto tranquil memories to keep his balance and sanity. His hours of remorse were punctured by moments of happiness with Ginny, and over his stolen moments with her there were clouds of desperation.</p><p class="calibre9">She’d never asked him to go back with her. She could read him like an open book, always deeply understand him, even without speaking. They had their own way to communicate, for they were so alike in mind and spirit. She knew that he could not go back just yet, that it was impossible for him to witness the reconstruction of his first home, that the pain of revisiting the very place where so many had died, had sacrificed themselves would make him go insane. She knew and she never insisted to be accompanied back to Hogwarts, even if it meant living apart for another year. Because nothing was greater than her fear of losing him once again, seeing him stumble, lost in a limbo of sorrow, of agony, of never-ending torment. No, she would bear the months of loneliness and she would return to him. It was as simple as that. She lifted her chin and closed her eyes and that meant her mind had been set firmly on a plan and she would stubbornly see it through. Just like Harry did.</p><p class="calibre9">He’d sometimes lie on his back, seconds before falling asleep, and imagine what it would be for Ginny to be back at Hogwarts. She had somehow become even more stunningly beautiful over the summer and it couldn’t possibly be a trick of the mind. Moreover, he was absolutely positive he wouldn’t be the only one to notice it, oh no. This particular thought reminded him of how basically every guy who could still walk unassisted had been ogling her at Bill and Fleur’s wedding, a young, breathtaking girl in a golden dress; how she had received more invitations to dance than she had time to accept, and, of course, how Viktor Krum had wanted to make a move on her. Until Harry did something about it, that is. Oh, yes, he was most proud of his quick thinking and privately agreed with Ron that Krum was only good on a broomstick, as far away from Ginny as possible. In fact, every other guy had better keep his distance or else. Or else - <em class="calibre8">humph</em>. Harry would shift on his side, loudly exhale and crumple the sheets in his fist until Ron would throw a couple of well chosen swear words his way because the noise kept him awake.</p><p class="calibre9">Truth be told, he never really had time to linger much over such musings or get too drenched in his own imagination, constructing scenarios where he sheltered her from every man, leading her to publicly proclaim him her Chosen One, because Ginny was always by his side those days, so full of life and surprises. Her boldness inspired him and her laughter made him want to live forever if it meant spending every single day with her, lost in her heavenly smile. The memory of what she did for him on the morning of his eighteenth birthday still gave him goosebumps and he distinctly remembered grinning until his cheeks hurt for the rest of the day. Which, of course, made Mrs Weasley eye her daughter suspiciously, to which she would just bat her lashes angelically and put on an innocent face.     </p><p class="calibre9">In reality, Ginny had burst through the door at the crack of dawn, giving both Ron and himself a heart-attack and had instructed him to get ready because she was about kick his ass at Quidditch. After which she’d simply slammed the door behind her, leaving Harry clutching his stomach in a wild fit of laughter, and Ron looking harassed and swearing.</p><p class="calibre9">He had pulled on a pair of worn jeans and plain black t-shirt, brushed his teeth, sighed noticing his bed-hair and went out to see where his insane girlfriend was hiding. She called him to the broom shed and he wondered what she could possibly be up to so early in the morning, when everyone else was still soundly asleep.</p><p class="calibre9">“Happy eighteenth,” she grinned, pecking him on the lips.</p><p class="calibre9">“Thanks, but this you could have said inside the house, don’t you reckon?” he chuckled, one hand draped round her shoulders.</p><p class="calibre9">“Well, yes, but I want to give you something and seeing that everyone is keen on staying at the Burrow today and my brother’s snores knock all romance out of me every time I enter your room, I figured some privacy would do us good,” she explained, punctuating her argument with small kisses.</p><p class="calibre9">“Did you now?” Harry asked, distracted, for her right hand was about to make full contact with the buttons of his jeans. He mentally cursed himself for not having enough sense as to put on some fresh pair of boxers or to take a shower. No, he had to believe she really wanted to play Quidditch and throw on his oldest trousers over the faded pair of underwear in which he slept. Oh well. You live and you learn – never trust Ginny Weasley.</p><p class="calibre9">The birthday boy felt a shiver down his spine when he heard the fly unzip. Ginny looked up at him and smirked, then slowly bent her knees until her forehead rested on his abdomen. Could he dare get his hopes up? As her hands started pushing down his jeans, not only did he start daring, but there was even a distinctive victory themed soundtrack that had started playing in his mind.</p><p class="calibre9">Not even bothering to blush, he watched mesmerized from above, watched the ginger head get dangerously close to his nether region. A feeling of incredible warm, of lightheadedness engulfed him and he just closed his eyes, resting his head on the wooden wall of the broom shed.</p><p class="calibre9">Yes, such was Ginny, pulling him back to life from wherever he might get stuck. Every day with her was something akin to stepping outside into a painfully hard sun, but after your eyes get accustomed to the powerful light, you feel the warmth on your skin and your heart beats faster and you are grateful that you are alive. This was the only way he knew how to describe their relationship, for he was living something more intense than he could put into words. And he was never great with words. He was rather more of an action man. Let others waste their time with beautifully crafted phrases; he was aching to live all of the life he hadn’t lived in nearly eighteen years of existence. And he chose to live it with her – on his birthday, on her birthday, every time they could steal moments for themselves, and in the in-between of it all.</p><p class="calibre9">On the morning of September 1<sup class="calibre10">st</sup>, the Weasleys witnessed a strange phenomenon. Harry Potter was skipping down the Burrow steps, a dubious buoyancy about him. They had all presumed that he would be sulking and moody for the occasion. They could only assume that he was versatile and that was that. But Hermione, seeing him grin like a madman as he walked onto the platform, hand in hand with Ginny, knew better. And, to her credit, she kept silent until she found Ginny in their now shared dormitory, unpacking her trunk.</p><p class="calibre9">“So, are you ready to talk about it?” she asked, closing the door behind her.</p><p class="calibre9">“About what?” Ginny responded with a question of her own, her focus on the contents of her trunk.</p><p class="calibre9">“Would you rather pretend that nothing happened?” Hermione pressed on, comfortably settling herself on the four-poster closest to her friend.</p><p class="calibre9">“Pretend what?” she said, fixing her wand behind her ear and bending over the trunk once again.</p><p class="calibre9">“Harry was practically skipping this morning,” Hermione curled her lips into a faint smile, seeing Ginny freeze for the smallest of moments.</p><p class="calibre9">Taking a second to compose her face and to be absolutely positive that the heath which had crept up her neck was gone, she slowly turned towards the brown-haired girl. She was looking at her expectantly and Ginny knew it would be pointless to lie. Hermione was a superb judge of character when it came to her and she always guessed what was happening inside her mind, sometimes even before she was able to accept it.</p><p class="calibre9">“Did you…?” she inquired.</p><p class="calibre9">“Yeah,” the redhead acknowledged and she was surprised at the stoicism in her voice.</p><p class="calibre9">“And? How did it feel?”</p><p class="calibre9">“I’m not sure – I mean, it was fast, and messy, and bloody brilliant,” Ginny breathed, just a little flustered. She took a seat on the bed opposite Hermione, hugging her knees to her chest. “I guess it was rather perfect.”</p><p class="calibre9">“I reckon you’re both very happy,” Hermione told her, shifting to rest her back on the bed pillar and stretch her legs. “And I’m happy too. For you.”</p><p class="calibre9">“What about you and Ron?” it was Ginny’s turn to interrogate her and she was keen on not missing the opportunity. Privately, she was curious, even though nobody would hear her admit that about her older brother’s love interests.</p><p class="calibre9">“Oh, you know, we’ve both been very busy over the summer and –“ the bushy-haired girl rapidly rolled the words down her tongue, as if repeating a well-rehearsed line.</p><p class="calibre9">“So you haven’t?” Ginny cut across her stammering. Her friend closed her mouth and paused, frowning.</p><p class="calibre9">“Honestly, no. I mean, I was mostly with my parents and - there were some moments and, yes, I started thinking about it after Australia, but something or other would always happen before we could – you know,” she bent her knee and pressed her forehead to it.</p><p class="calibre9">“I understand. Well, it’s no big deal. You’ll just have to buckle up and do it because my brother’s too much of a pansy to actually –“</p><p class="calibre9">“Ginny!” Hermione chastised her.</p><p class="calibre9">“What? It’s true. I know Ron,” she twirled a ginger lock about her index finger.</p><p class="calibre9">“Maybe not all that well,” Hermione smiled sheepishly.</p><p class="calibre9">“Ew,” the redheaded witch stuck out her tongue. Hermione giggled, suddenly happy that they were able to stress about such trivialities again, that they could act their age again.</p><p class="calibre9">Lying awake in the dark room, Ginny sensed her heart beat faster as she reminisced what would forever be one of her dearest memories. The whole string of events played rapidly on the back of her eyelids and she couldn’t help but grin.</p><p class="calibre9">It was past midnight when she had heard him descending, his footsteps louder and louder with each story. She had ceased her packing and gone out to see what was wrong. By the look of him, chin down and hands in his pocket, she knew something was definitely bothering him. Ginny casually leaned back on her bedroom door and asked him what was on his mind. He clenched his knuckles harder inside his pockets and made up some cock and bull about seeing if she needed any help. Of course he wouldn’t just speak his mind, he was Harry bloody Potter and his mission in life was to hide every meager moment of weakness. So she’d roll her eyes and bluntly point out that something was troubling him. Thus, they agreed to just talk and she guided him into her room, amidst the disaster sprawled everywhere.</p><p class="calibre9">“Finished packing?” he joked, taking in the sight. The floor seemed to be boobytrapped with her school books, while the bed was clustered with robes and every article of clothing she owned.</p><p class="calibre9">“Haha,” she scoffed, tossing her clothes and robes unceremoniously on the floor in one go.</p><p class="calibre9">Ginny sat on the bed and patted the spot next to her as if to signal that she was expecting him to sit down and start talking. So he did and wanted to say something, but he noticed the way the oil lamp in the corner created dancing shadows in her chocolate brown eyes. That blazing look in her face rendered him speechless, made him completely forget. It was as though the hard feeling clutching at his heart had been channeled into her through the lithe touch of their thighs. He realised he had been longing to see her and she wasn’t even gone yet. He had been desperate to hold her, even though only hours had passed since their last embrace. He had been afraid of the loneliness that he would have to suffer over the long months of separation.</p><p class="calibre9">She understood everything, read his thoughts. She shared his misery, his fears, his heartache. Lifting one finger, she pressed it gently to his lips and he lightly kissed its tip in response. Ginny leaned forward and hungrily glued her mouth to his, determined to prolong the moment of goodbye as much as possible. Through the kiss, he caressed her cheeks, her hair, the creamy skin of her neck. She bit his lip with urgency and he eagerly obliged, opening his mouth to meet her tongue with his. They would never feel tired of this dance they were doing, never weary of traveling the lengths of their bodies until they lay naked, completely exposed to each other.</p><p class="calibre9">He lifted her shirt and left a trail of kisses on her abdomen, threw the garment on the floor and unclasped her bra. She took it off and arched her back, allowing him press his lips in a stream, from her collar bone down to her chest, to take one nipple tenderly between his teeth and then the other. She grabbed a fistful of raven locks, pulling his head closer to her as his fingers found their way down her trousers and inside her knickers. Ginny brought his mouth to her to stifle the moan threatening to escape her lips at the feel of his index finger inside.</p><p class="calibre9">Harry gently pushed her on her back and took off his own black shirt, along with his glasses. Bending over her, he marked her body with open-mouthed kisses. He removed both her bottoms and underwear and she shivered under his gaze. The prey animal was back and he was wild. Wild with lust as he took her in, a delicate, yet powerful young woman with long, flaming red hair, framing her petite figure. He lifted one of her slender legs and kissed the back of her thigh, descending in his path until he reached a mess of ginger curls. She had the sweetest taste, she was his ambrosia. She made him feel immortal.</p><p class="calibre9">She nearly screamed when he kissed her there and it was maybe this which made her finally decide. Brusquely, Ginny sat up, startling him. Not bothering to explain, she reached for his belt and shoved his jeans down his legs. Harry watched her, dazed, not entirely comprehending what was about to happen. Ginny battling for control always had this effect on him.</p><p class="calibre9">In her haste to free him of his boxers, she nearly fell off the bed. They both stopped and looked at each other, breaking into laughter. Her clumsy gesture had shattered the trance they had been stuck in and cleared their heads of grogginess. They both understood what this was leading to and neither was afraid. They were nearly there and they would walk past it, together, always together.</p><p class="calibre9">“Nice move,” he taunted her, his boxers slightly jerked off as to reveal a patch of dark hair and a V line hiding within.</p><p class="calibre9">“You do it, if you’re so smart,” she shot back, pouting.</p><p class="calibre9">He took two steps back and made a show of taking off the pair of black boxers. He held up his hands as if to say <em class="calibre8">ta-da! </em>and she giggled. The smile lit up her features and all of a sudden he was strongly aware of the twinkle in her eyes and the smirk on her lips, as her gaze lingered on his lower body. He needed her acutely, everything about her provoked him, goaded him until he could no longer stand it. It felt like they have undressed in each other’s presence since the very beginning, their love as old as time.</p><p class="calibre9">So he climbed into bed, one knee between her legs, and claimed her lips. One hand supporting him above her and the other caressing her breasts, lightly squeezing them, stroking parts of her body over and over again. She panted as their kiss deepened and encircled his neck with her freckled arms. He moved to kiss along her jaw and brushed one finger over her cherry lips; she lightly suckled on it, flicking her tongue twice over the trodden skin. The sensation made Harry’s insides boil and he painted a wet trail with it, from her jaw, between her breasts, down her flat abdomen and arriving at her warm entrance. Ginny closed her eyes and murmured his name, feeling the wet tip of his finger inside her, pleasuring her, twisting the small bundle of nerves until her body was on fire.</p><p class="calibre9">She wrapped her legs round his torso and he removed his finger. His sex was touching hers and the softness of her flesh made him almost delirious. She lifted her upper body to capture his lips, instilling a sense of determination into him. The young man laced his fingers with her dainty ones and pushed gently at her folds. His tip parted her and it was so good, so blissfully good that he thought he might come undone. Ginny whimpered and bit her lip hard to silence herself. She dug her nails into his back and her thighs tightened their hold on his torso. She was ready and she could get through this.</p><p class="calibre9">Their first motion was awkward and rash. Leaning on his elbows, he twice caught her hair underneath. She writhed beneath him, unwittingly drawing him in just a little bit deeper, leaving him breathless. He was all readiness and excitement and no stamina. He wanted her impetuously, desired her, he needed her right then.  </p><p class="calibre9">Too roughly, Harry penetrated her barrier and she cried, sinking her teeth into his shoulder. <em class="calibre8">I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry</em>, he would mumble, kissing her eyelids, her forehead, her cheeks, cupping her face into his blistered palms. She filled her lungs with air, and pressed a cheek to his. They sat like that for moments, breathing, just breathing. When he started moving again, she gripped his hand harder. He brought their clasped hands to his mouth and kissed her knuckles dearly, tenderly. If only he could save tonight. If only. He lifted his eyes to the window, towards the start-struck sky and the ghost of an idea cut through the fog in his mind. He’d once told her that the freckles on her body were like millions of stars, strewn across her skin in constellations. He’d told her that if the stars hid all over her body, then the sun hung in her hair. He’d told her she was his universe and she blushed and laughed at his sappiness.</p><p class="calibre9">His moves were rough, somewhat irregular, pleasure and pain shooting through her with each thrust. He glided deeper within her and their mouths crashed onto each other, a folly of teeth and lips and tongues. He pushed harder and she entwined their fingers once again. His left hand sneaked up, kneading her breast with a hungriness that made her toes curl. He worshipped her, feeling the curves of her body under his calluses. Oh, how he worshipped her, his fiery girl with hair like the setting sun. Her sweet mouth slightly open, her white teeth revealed, savagely biting her lips in ecstasy until they were crimson and swollen. Her round breasts bounced against his chest, her nipple grazing his skin. It was primitive, profane, like a ritual taking over both of them. He searched for a rhythm, he needed control. Two hard thrusts, one soft. Repeating it, he watched as they were wrapped together, their beings melting into one. Weaving and unweaving. In and then out. Creating magic together. He wanted it to last forever, to be forever drifting in this moment of passion, forgotten in this life changing embrace.</p><p class="calibre9">But his body betrayed his mind, working against his wishes and his pelvis slammed harder against hers. Harder, and faster, and stronger, skin bruising skin. <em class="calibre8">Fuck</em>, he thought and buried his head into the crook of her neck. He was no longer in control, they were no longer in control. Adrenaline rushed through their veins, clouding their eyes, their minds. He felt a fire burn inside him, his groans growing louder. Her skin was flushed, her hair a tangled mess. She moaned his name over and over and it was this which made him finally let loose. His vision blurred, Harry felt wonderfully high. A buzz went through the tips of his fingers. It was electrifying.      </p><p class="calibre9">Diving back from that sweet height, he propped himself on his elbows and looked down at the redheaded girl smiling brightly at him. He brushed the stray lock from her face and pressed his forehead to hers. He tried to find a name for the raw emotion he was feeling, for it made his heart beat madly and butterflies spin inside his stomach. Tipsily, he wondered if the word he was searching for was <em class="calibre8">magic</em>, because nothing else could leave him as intoxicated, as giddy as he was right then.</p><p class="calibre9">“I love you,” Ginny whispered in his ear.</p><p class="calibre9"><em class="calibre8">Of course, </em>he realised. <em class="calibre8">Love</em>. A magic more powerful and ancient than all. A wide smile was plastered all over his face and he seized her lips again and again, consuming them, pouring all the love he felt into his kisses. He guided her warm palm to the place where she could feel his heartbeat.</p><p class="calibre9">“Can you feel this? It beats for you. You’re one in a million,” he softly told her.</p><p class="calibre9">Tears formed at the creases of her eyes and she bat her lashes fast to banish them. She feared that, should she allow herself to cry, she might burst from all the emotions colliding inside her. She loved him, she needed him, she adored him, she wanted to always protect him. She would gladly rip her heart out and offer it to him. For the first time in her life, she found that she was lost for words. So she simply held on to him, even after his head fell into the pillow, beside her. They were drunk from such love, forgetting the world around them. For Harry and Ginny, only the two of them existed that night.</p><p class="calibre9">In the morning, when he sneaked out and she remained alone, she finally let all her feelings wash down her like a waterfall. She desperately gripped her sheets and melted into his perfume. A mix of wood, treacle tart and earth encumbered the atmosphere and she wrapped the sheet round her naked body, clutching it close to her chest. That night, miles away from the safety of his arms, she fell asleep in the same position, holding his forgotten shirt to her heart and breathing in a scent that belonged to him.</p><p class="calibre9">While Harry, well, he had indeed continued to feel dizzy all day, drunk on her and drunk from the recent memories. He had spent the first part of the afternoon in a daze, wandering aimlessly around the Burrow. The feeling was so overwhelming, so great, so unlike anything else, that if he suddenly started floating to the heavens he would not be surprised.</p><p class="calibre9">“Bloody hell! What in the name of Merlin’s old nightgown is wrong with you, mate?” Ron brought him back to earth. They were doing the dishes in the kitchen or, rather, resting on a chair each, while the enchanted sponge cleaned the plates and cutlery. Being of age brought along many benefits, you see.</p><p class="calibre9">“What – no – nothing’s wrong with me,” Harry’s voice came out louder and squeakier than he’d intended. <em class="calibre8">Sod it</em>, could he exert no self control? Couldn’t he be subtle for once? And to think he dreamed of being an Auror. He imagined himself squeaking in a villain’s face and immediately cracked a mental chair over his head. Mentally.</p><p class="calibre9">“I’ve known you for the past seven years and there is definitely something the matter,” the redheaded young man glared at him.</p><p class="calibre9">“Yes, well – erm,” Harry rubbed the back of his head. Was he really about to confess to Ron? Was he insane? Was he definitely done with life?</p><p class="calibre9">“What? What is so complex that is taking you an entire day to formulate?” Ron asked, annoyed. “Have you been reading Hermione’s books because that is just indecent,” he eyed his best friend suspiciously.</p><p class="calibre9">“I – well – you see,” he took a large gulp of air and breathed it out all at once. “Isleptwithsomebodyforthefirsttimelastnight,” he blurted and braced himself for a well deserved older brotherly punch in the face.</p><p class="calibre9">“Care to give it another go? I couldn't quite catch it the first time,” Ron said, amused.</p><p class="calibre9">“I…I kind of slept…,” he tried again. Seeing Ron stare at him, Harry was ready to give all the gold left in his vault only to be taken away from that chair in the Burrow’s kitchen, where he was slowly but surely tortured to insanity by his oblivious best mate.</p><p class="calibre9">“You overslept? Blimey, did Mum catch you? You know how she gets when she expects us to do stuff and –“</p><p class="calibre9">“No! Give me some time to find my words,” he gushed, frustrated.</p><p class="calibre9">As if to indicate that enough time had passed already, Ron dramatically took out his watch and pretended to check it. The dark-haired boy rolled his eyes and attempted to steady himself once again. He had to get this over with before his nerves betrayed him.</p><p class="calibre9">“Alright, so…Remember that you are my best mate, yeah?” he started.</p><p class="calibre9">“Course I am and I’m also afraid that you’re barking.”</p><p class="calibre9">“And that we promised to be friends no matter what.”</p><p class="calibre9">“Alright, that’s it, I’m freaked out.”</p><p class="calibre9">Before Ron could add anything else, Harry held up his hand and drew in another mouthful of air. “I slept with Ginny last night,” he spoke, trying to void his words of all emotion.</p><p class="calibre9">Ron blinked. Once. Twice. Three times. Maybe if he pinched himself, the vision of Harry confessing that he'd slept with his little sister would go away. He pinched so hard tears formed at the corners of his eyes.</p><p class="calibre9">
  <em class="calibre8">“You what now?”</em>
</p>
</div>


  <div class="calibre1" id="endnotes4">
    <p class="calibre7">Chapter End Notes</p>
    <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">They finally got there, together. And it's a good thing they did because there might not be much of Harry left after Ron's done with him, huh?</p></blockquote>
  </div>

      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_10"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../4bmm3-htock.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_002.xhtml">first base</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_003.xhtml">second base</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_004.xhtml">third base</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_005.xhtml">fourth base|homerun</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_006.xhtml">managerial ejection: a sequel</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_007.xhtml">breaktime</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Homerun_split_008.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Homerun_split_004.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../4bmm3-htock.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Homerun_split_006.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
