<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>all your fumble words - lazyweekendmornings - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../0e851-qamoq.html">all your fumble words
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    lazyweekendmornings

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_015.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_15">xiii</h2>


    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Notes</p>
      <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">fyi: there is a timeskip between the last chapter and this one. we're now towards the end of july, and also towards the end of the fic! there'll be one chapter after this (or maybe one chapter and an epilogue), and then i plan to write lots of oneshots (such as 'further each hour') in this 'verse. </p><p class="calibre7">also! read 'further each hour' if you would like to know how i imagine ron and hermione fared in australia.</p><p class="calibre7">as always, let me know what you think!</p></blockquote>
      <div class="endnote-link">
        See the end of the chapter for more <a href="#endnotes13">notes</a>
      </div>
</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">The first thing Ginny registered when she opened her eyes was that it was an exceedingly warm morning, even by July’s standards. The sun pierced at her eyes and warmed her bare skin; she’d clearly kicked off the covers off her in the night.</p><p class="calibre7">The second thing she registered was that, as of today, there was exactly one week left until Harry’s birthday. And she had no idea what to get him.</p><p class="calibre7">In theory, this wasn’t a big deal, not really. She had six brothers – five. Five brothers. (Merlin, it had been <em class="calibre8"> months </em>and she still wasn’t used to that.) In theory, she should have been used to gifting by now. She couldn’t count the number of books she’d gotten Percy, the amount of Chudley Cannons merchandise she’d gotten Ron – and that, she reasoned, was a testament to what a good sister she was, since she was a Holyhead Harpies supporter all the way. She’d almost made Charlie cry for his fifteenth birthday, when she presented him with the stuffed dragon she’d knit all by herself (well, with her mum’s help, but it still counted).</p><p class="calibre7">And yet, she had no idea what to gift Harry.</p><p class="calibre7">As she thought about it, there was a tiny <em class="calibre8"> pop! </em>sound and a letter appeared on the table by the bed, sealed and addressed to Ginny in Hermione’s neat handwriting. Ginny turned to look at Harry who was fast asleep next to her. His forehead was rumpled in his sleep, and his hair was even messier than usual. Luckily, Hermione’s letter hadn’t woken him up. She leaned over and grabbed the letter, carefully getting to her feet. She got dressed quickly, pulling on the t-shirt and pyjama bottoms that she’d discarded yesterday, and tiptoed out of the room.</p><p class="calibre7">She was incredibly grateful that Hermione had invented the spell to get letters across quickly – or, if she was being very accurate since she knew Hermione would’ve corrected her if she was here, she was glad Hermione had modified the Portkey charm to make it easier to transport letters across long distances. Australia was far enough away that it would’ve taken a week or two to get owls across, and now it was just a matter of hours. Harry had filled her in on why Hermione’s parents were in Australia, and Hermione, in her letters to Ginny, had given her all of the details. She opened the letter on her way downstairs. Today’s letter was a short one.</p><p class="calibre7">
  <em class="calibre8"> Dear Ginny, </em>
</p><p class="calibre7">
  <em class="calibre8"> We think we’re getting close. I’ve met enough Wendells and Monicas that the names have stopped sounding real, but Ron says he has a good feeling about this one. We’re going tomorrow morning. As it’s the last house on our list, I certainly hope so. With any luck, we’ll be back in time for Harry’s birthday – which is good, since I have his present picked out already. </em>
</p><p class="calibre7">
  <em class="calibre8"> I’ll let you know as soon as we know when we can leave. Hopefully soon. </em>
</p><p class="calibre7">
  <em class="calibre8"> Hermione </em>
</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny put the letter away in the pocket of her pyjamas, letting out a small sigh. Even Hermione, who was busy with a task that, as per her last few letters, had left her frustrated and exhausted, had picked out a present for Harry. Of course she had.</p><p class="calibre7">“Morning, Mum,” she mumbled when she saw her mother in the kitchen, reading the latest <em class="calibre8"> Witch Weekly </em>which was propped up against her cup of coffee.</p><p class="calibre7">“Morning, Ginny dear,” Mum said, looking up at her and giving her a smile. “You’re up early. Is everything alright?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yeah. Everything’s fine. It’s just…” she wondered if this was too trivial to share with her mother. But she had her mum’s complete attention, everyone else in the house was asleep, and she didn’t know who else she could ask. “I don’t know what to get Harry for his birthday,” she finally admitted.</p><p class="calibre7">Mum gave her a fond smile. “He’ll love anything you get him, dear,” she told her.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny supposed she was right. “Yeah, I know, but… I feel like it needs to be special,” she said.</p><p class="calibre7">To her mum’s credit, she seemed to give the matter serious consideration. “I think… honestly, love. I think he’ll just be happy, no matter what. Remember what Ron wrote us in their first year? I don’t think he’s still very used to presents. Not after the way that terrible aunt and uncle treated him.”</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny wrinkled her nose. “God, I hate them. Do you know they made him sleep in the <em class="calibre8"> cupboard </em>?” She said. She felt the now-familiar white-hot burst of righteous anger in her chest, the same anger she felt whenever she thought about what they had put Harry through, those awful Muggles. She was glad that they weren’t any longer the only family Harry could boast of. </p><p class="calibre7">No, wait. <em class="calibre8"> Family </em>. Of course. That was it. </p><p class="calibre7">“Mum,” she said suddenly, sitting up straighter. “I’m going to go. I have to go. If Harry or Dad wonder, tell them I’ve gone to meet Luna, okay?” </p><p class="calibre7">“Luna?” Mum repeated, widening her eyes. “Dear, but— are you sure it’s safe, running off like that?” </p><p class="calibre7">“Mum. I’ve faced Death Eaters, I’ll handle going to meet a friend, okay?” Ginny said, but kissed her mother’s cheek fondly on her way upstairs. She had to rush, needed to get dressed and go out before Harry woke up. She had work to do, after all. </p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">“So,” Harry said when Ginny walked back in that evening, “Where’d you go?”</p><p class="calibre7">She levelled him with a look. He was sitting down on the sofa in the living room, paging through <em class="calibre8"> Which Broomstick? </em></p><p class="calibre7">“Hello, Harry,” she said, giving him the sweetest smile she could. “My boyfriend, who I love. It’s so nice to see you. Yes, I had a lovely time, thank you so much for asking.”</p><p class="calibre7">Harry shook his head at her, but she could tell he was holding back laughter. </p><p class="calibre7">“I was at Luna's. Where’s Mum?” she asked, dusting the Floo powder off her jeans and going up to him.</p><p class="calibre7">“She went to visit Neville’s grandmum,” Harry said. He accompanied the words with a shrug that seemed to say <em class="calibre8"> I don’t really know, either </em>, so Ginny didn’t ask any follow ups. </p><p class="calibre7">Ginny sat down next to him, peering at the magazine.</p><p class="calibre7">“A Firebolt?” she asked.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry shrugged. “Need a broomstick, don’t I? Need to keep up with you,” he said.</p><p class="calibre7">“What, the bike isn’t enough now?” Ginny teased, and rested her hand on her chest, affecting a swoon. “Harry Potter, the Chosen One, the Boy who Lived himself, an absolute marvel on the road and in the skies. However will we cope?”</p><p class="calibre7">“It’ll be very hard, but I’m sure you’ll manage,” Harry said dryly. “What were you doing with Luna, anyway? How is she?”</p><p class="calibre7">“She’s alright,” Ginny said, smiling. “Same as always, I think. Told me to send you and Bill my love. And old Xeno’s back at the house, but it’s not permanent, I don’t think.”</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s not?” Harry said.</p><p class="calibre7">“Nah. Their house was ruined by the Death Eaters, apparently, when-- okay, that had something to do with you, didn’t it?” Ginny said, suddenly noticing the sheepish look on Harry’s face. “Merlin, when did you get the time to do that?"</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s a long story. Has to do with the Deathly Hallows,” Harry said.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny considered. “Fine, but you have to tell me later, yeah?” </p><p class="calibre7">“Course,” Harry said. “So. I got another riding lesson from your dad today,” he reported and gave Ginny a grin. “Before he left for work. Reckon I could try and get my licence after my birthday.” At Ginny’s blank look, he clarified: “My Muggle licence, I mean.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Ah. Yeah, that’s good,” Ginny said. “So you don’t get in trouble with the Muggle pleasemen?”</p><p class="calibre7">“That, and I can’t imagine the look on Hermione’s face if she caught me on Sirius’s bike without a licence.”</p><p class="calibre7">“You should give her more credit,” Ginny said, shaking her head. “She’s ridden a dragon now, you know. Hermione Granger is a changed woman. Did she send you a letter, by the way?” </p><p class="calibre7">“Oh, yeah. Ron sent me one, too,” Harry reported with a grin. “I reckon they’ll be here tomorrow or the day after.”</p><p class="calibre7">“In time for your birthday,” Ginny put in.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry looked genuinely surprised. “Oh… that’s right. I’d, er. I’d sort of forgotten about that,” he said.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny looked at him incredulously. She couldn’t imagine ever forgetting about her birthday. “What?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well, there’s been a lot going on, hasn’t there?” Harry pointed out. “With Robards and the Auror training planning, and everything else. Besides, I…” he trailed off. Ginny knew better than to prompt him, and waited, raising an eyebrow as she looked at him. “I never thought I’d make it to my eighteenth birthday,” he finally admitted. </p><p class="calibre7">Ginny felt a weight lodge in her throat, settle down comfortably in her chest and prevent her from moving. She looked up at Harry, whose arm had gone still next to her. Her first instinct was to say <em class="calibre8"> don’t be ridiculous </em>. Harry was the Boy Who Lived. But then she thought of Fred in the Great Hall, spread out as if asleep. She thought of what Harry had told her, about the Horcrux he had inadvertently been. She thought of Harry saying he had nearly died, or exactly died, and even he wasn’t sure of the exact details. </p><p class="calibre7">“Well,” she finally said, and cleared her throat. “You made it this far, Potter. May as well last another week to see how your birthday turns out, eh?”</p><p class="calibre7">If Harry’s chuckle sounded watery, neither of them mentioned a thing.</p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">It ended up being two days after when Ron and Hermione showed up. In the early hours of the morning, Ginny, who was fast asleep in Harry’s bed, heard a sudden, banging sound coming from downstairs. She started awake, grabbing her wand and standing up before she was even fully alert. Next to her, on the opposite side of the bed, Harry did the same thing.</p><p class="calibre7">“Stay behind me,” he mumbled, pushing his glasses down. He had what Ginny secretly liked to call his Auror look: no-nonsense and focused completely on the task at hand. Ginny followed him downstairs. Her mum and dad seemed to have slept through the noise, and Ginny mentally rebuked them. They had been through a <em class="calibre8"> war </em>, for Merlin’s sake. Surely a bit more vigilance was called for.</p><p class="calibre7">“It came from the kitchen,” she told Harry, and followed him into the kitchen. There, in front of the dining table, holding what seemed to be a can of some kind, stood Ron. Before they could react, another bang sounded in the house -- Ginny rubbed her aching eardrum -- and Hermione appeared, holding an old bit of paper. </p><p class="calibre7">She lowered her wand, but Harry steadied it, pointing at them.</p><p class="calibre7">“There are seven Horcruxes and you’re the seventh. It’s really us,” Ron said. Harry lowered his wand and grinned,  going up to Ron and giving him a brief hug before he moved on to Hermione.</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh, I’m sorry, it’s awfully early, isn’t it?” Hermione said, moving to hug Ginny once she had let go of Ron. “I planned to be here around half past eight, but I must have calculated wrong…” That, more than anything, told Ginny how tired Hermione was. She couldn’t remember the last time she miscalculated something. That simply wasn’t something Hermione did.</p><p class="calibre7">“It is a bit early. But you’re only--” Ginny checked the clock, “-- three hours off,” she said. “Come on, then. Let’s go outside, we can watch the sunrise.”</p><p class="calibre7">Ron glanced at Harry. “Might wanna put a shirt on before we do that, mate,” he sniggered. It was only then that Ginny noticed that Harry was only wearing his pyjama bottoms. Oh, right. They hadn’t gotten around to getting fully dressed yesterday night, had they?</p><p class="calibre7">“Fuck off,” Harry muttered, cheeks going pink, “<em class="calibre8"> Accio </em>.” A pile of clothes came zooming towards him, and Ginny leaned over and stole the jumper at the top of it before he could.</p><p class="calibre7">“Let’s go,” she said cheerfully.</p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">“So they’ll be coming here next week,” Hermione said. They were all settled down outside and - much to Ginny’s surprise - Hermione had pulled out a blanket and a pack of biscuits from a tiny beaded bag she had pulled out from her pocket. “Or the week after. They’ll let me know. Luckily, there’s a phone number at the Ministry of Magic. So they’ll phone and leave a message with Kingsley’s office once they know when they’re coming.”</p><p class="calibre7">“And-- how did it go?” Harry asked tentatively.</p><p class="calibre7">“About as good as we could’ve hoped for, I think,” Ron told him.</p><p class="calibre7">“They were surprisingly calm,” Hermione said. “Well, they completely panicked when I first undid the charm. It’s a lot to deal with, of course. But once they processed it, they said they didn’t know when they’d be able to leave. They have to close their clinic, and everything.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Did you know dentists are tooth doctors? Isn’t that barmy?” Ron said, shaking his head. </p><p class="calibre7">“We can’t all have read <em class="calibre8"> Gilderoy Lockhart’s Guide to Everyday Health Charms </em>,” Harry said, the corner of his mouth twitching. </p><p class="calibre7">“And,” Hermione continued, ignoring Ron and Harry completely, “they said that once they come back to Oxfordshire. And they want me to spend the rest of the summer with them. They said it’s important to establish trust again…”</p><p class="calibre7">“So you’re leaving?” Harry asked, frowning.</p><p class="calibre7">“No. I mean, I’ll see you at the Ministry everyday, and I’ll come back to the Burrow on some weekends. And you can visit me there. It’s a lovely house. But… I don’t know if they’ll go back at all. They say that they will, but… They’re… They’re very happy. In Australia. They’ve been happy the past year, without a daughter…” Her voice hitched in her throat, and Ron wrapped his arm around her. Harry leaned over, tentative, and patted her shoulder. </p><p class="calibre7">“I’m being silly, I know,” Hermione hiccuped. “But… I just thought maybe everything would go back to normal once I found them. They’d come home and… things would be like they were.”</p><p class="calibre7">“Well,” Ginny couldn’t resist saying, “if things were like they were last year, we would have Voldemort roaming around the country, wouldn’t we?” </p><p class="calibre7">“Y-yes, I suppose you’re right,” Hermione said. “I’m being silly…”</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny didn’t think she was being silly at all. She had felt the same as Hermione, when she had first returned to the Burrow after the war. Like everything would be the same now. But nothing was the same. She didn’t think it would ever be the same.</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s just… they’re my <em class="calibre8"> family </em>,” Hermione finally said, looking down at her hands.</p><p class="calibre7">“It’s not just them that’s your family,” Harry said quietly. He looked up and met Ginny’s eyes. Slowly, they exchanged a smile.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny slowly reached over and took Harry’s free hand. Nothing would ever be the same. But sometimes, maybe things being different wasn’t the worst thing in the world. </p><p class="calibre7">*</p>
</div>


  <div class="calibre1" id="endnotes13">
    <p class="calibre7">Chapter End Notes</p>
    <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">i plan to write one shots in this series once i finish it, so if there's anything specific you'd like to see, comment it or hit me up on tumblr and i'll give it a go!</p></blockquote>
  </div>

      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_28"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../0e851-qamoq.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_002.xhtml">i.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_003.xhtml">ii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_004.xhtml">iii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_005.xhtml">iv.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_006.xhtml">v.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_007.xhtml">vi.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_008.xhtml">vii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_009.xhtml">viii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_010.xhtml">ix.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_011.xhtml">x.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_012.xhtml">xi.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_013.xhtml">xii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_014.xhtml">xiii</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_015.xhtml">xiv.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_016.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../0e851-qamoq.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_015.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
