<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>all your fumble words - lazyweekendmornings - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../0e851-qamoq.html">all your fumble words
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    lazyweekendmornings

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_011.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_13">xi.</h2>

    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Summary</p>
    <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">Ron and Hermione leave for Australia, an impromptu trip to Diagon Alley, and Ginny finally learns (some more of) what happened to Harry.</p></blockquote>

    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Notes</p>
      <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">hiiiii</p>
<p class="calibre7">so this chapter is shorter than normal, because i have what comes next planned, and i wanted that to be from harry's perspective, so have moved it to the next chapter. hope you enjoy it, let me know what you think, and have a lovely day!</p></blockquote>
</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">It was a rainy morning, rainy enough that Ginny hadn’t been able to get in a morning fly before breakfast. If it hadn’t been for the midnight fly that she’d coaxed Harry into yesterday, she would’ve been quite grumpy today. As such, Harry was frowning at his toast in a way that Ginny knew had nothing to do with flying and everything to do with the fact that Ron and Hermione were leaving for Australia today.</p>
<p class="calibre7">As such, Hermione had done her homework. Ginny didn’t know why she was surprised.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“It’s a bit easier, international travel, than it is the Muggle way,” Hermione told Dad as she buttered her toast. </p>
<p class="calibre7">“It seems very complicated, the Muggle way,” Ron put in. “Hermione’s got us sorted out with passed-ports—”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“<em class="calibre8">Passports</em>, Ron—”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“And apparently the way Muggles travel,” Ron continued, unperturbed, “is in an aeroplane with metal wings, that stays up with electricity.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Do they really?” Dad said, looking delighted.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny looked at Hermione for clarification. </p>
<p class="calibre7">“He’s not wrong about that, actually,” Hermione said, but Ginny didn’t think that the proud way she was looking at Ron was necessary. “Well, not electricity, but… close enough.” </p>
<p class="calibre7">“And it takes absolute <em class="calibre8">hours</em>, sometimes days,” Ron put in. </p>
<p class="calibre7">“So how are you going, then, if you’re not taking a plane?” Harry wondered. Ginny glanced at him. All of the talk of day-long travel, and passed ports, and travel that took days, didn’t seem very foreign to him. Ginny was half convinced that Hermione and Harry were pulling her leg about this entire travel thing. It just didn’t seem realistic. </p>
<p class="calibre7">“Oh, I spoke to Kingsley about that,” Hermione said. She had the kind of manic look on her face that Ginny associated with the way she looked when she wanted to revise and Gryffindor tower were being too loud for her. “We’re going to Portkey, but you can’t Portkey long distances. So it’s six Portkeys, and each is scheduled half an hour after the earlier one. So it’ll be about three hours, give or take, and we’ll get there then.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“You’ll write, won’t you, dears?” Mum asked, looking with concern both at Ron and Hermione. She disapproved, Ginny knew, of this plan. But she hadn’t made any outright attempts to stop them. Ginny supposed they were both of age, and were going to fetch Hermione’s parents, so it was different from last year, when the three of them had been about to leave school and no one knew why. Then again, Ginny reflected, she wasn’t sure what Hermione’s parents had been doing in Australia in the first place. Hermione and Ron had both been quite vague about the whole thing.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Of course, Mrs. Weasley,” Hermione said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Why do you need passports, if you’re taking Portkeys?” Harry wanted to know.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“I thought it’d be best to be safe. Just in case…” Hermione’s cheeks went a little pink. “Well, if – when, when we find my parents, they probably won’t want to come back the magical way.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny wondered, yet again, what had happened with Hermione’s parents. There was a story there, she just knew it. It was getting a bit exhausting, not knowing any of this. She turned to glance at Harry, and raised an eyebrow at him, slightly challengingly. He met her eyes, and then slowly nodded. “Later,” he promised her, very quietly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny nodded. She would take him up on that.</p>
<p class="calibre7">*</p>
<p class="calibre7">Hermione and Ron left soon after breakfast, and the house seemed oddly quiet without them. Without the two of them, it was just her, Harry, and her parents at home. Bill and Fleur were in Shell Cottage, and George was still staying with them at the moment. Percy was in his flat in London, Charlie was in Romania, and—she supposed that was all her siblings accounted for. She would have to get used to counting five instead of six siblings. And Dad had left for work, so currently, it was just her and her mum at work. And Harry. Harry, Ginny was sure, felt odd about the arrangement; he’d never stayed here without Ron before, and he was effectively staying with his girlfriend and her parents now. She stifled a laugh at the thought.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Well,” Mum had said, in the tone of forced brightness she only adopted when <em class="calibre8">very </em>upset, “Percy and George will be here this evening, and they’ll be staying for a while. So, if you’re alright staying in Bill and Charlie’s room, Harry –”</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry gave Ginny a glance – both of them knew that it wouldn’t just be him staying in that room during the night – and then said, “Of course, Mrs. Weasley.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“—then they can share Percy’s old room,” Mum finished, and went to open the window to let in the owl who’d been pecking at the glass for the past minute. She accepted the letter from the owl, who nipped at her fingers and then flew away. So a letter that didn’t need an immediate reply, then.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Who is it, Mum?” Ginny asked. She felt Harry’s hand rest on her thigh, under the kitchen table, and she placed her hand on top of his, letting him play with her fingers absentmindedly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“It’s Andromeda. I invited her over for tea tomorrow evening, she’s said she can come,” Mum said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny nodded. She assumed her mum, like her, wasn’t too fond of the quiet of the Burrow.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry perked up visibly at that. “Teddy’ll be over?” he asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny wasn’t sure what it said about her, but she was pretty sure that the fond way Mum looked at Harry was similar to how she was feeling. “Yes, dear,” Mum said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“We should go out, then,” Ginny decided, giving Harry’s hand a little squeeze. “Buy Teddy a present.” What she didn’t say was that she wanted to get out, had the restless feeling she got when the house was quiet and she was left alone with her thoughts, but she didn’t think a fly would help this. More desperate measures were called for in this case, she thought.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“What a lovely idea,” Mum agreed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry seemed to cheer up at the idea of buying Teddy a present. And Ginny couldn’t blame him, it was impossible to be upset when encountered with Teddy.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Where would we get him a present?” Harry wondered.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny grinned. “Well, Harry,” she said, getting to her feet and holding her hand out to him. “It’s time to go to Diagon Alley.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">*</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny didn’t know what she expected from Diagon Alley. The Leaky Cauldron had looked the same, except for the cheerful smile Tom had sent Harry, but she had thought Diagon Alley would be different. It had only been a month or so since the war ended, so she supposed that wasn’t enough time to rebuild the entire street. Last time she had been here, almost every shop had been boarded up, and the place had been grey and lifeless in a way she associated with Dementors and her second year.</p>
<p class="calibre7">It was completely different now, though. A lot of the shops were still closed up, but crowds bustled around the area, and construction work on the closed fronts were clearly underway.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry paused suddenly, and squeezed Ginny’s hand. Ginny looked up; they were standing outside what had been Florean Fortesque’s ice cream parlour.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“They never did find out what happened to him, did they?” he asked her quietly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">She shook her head. “Maybe he escaped,” she said, just as quiet. “Ran away to Spain or something.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Yeah, maybe,” Harry said. Neither of them sounded very convinced.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Come on,” Ginny said, after a moment. She held on to his hand, and tugged him over to a little coffee shop which definitely hadn’t existed the last time she was here.</p>
<p class="calibre7">It wasn’t as crowded as the street was, and they managed to find a table near the back, where it was relatively quiet.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Everyone keeps looking at us,” Harry muttered as he sat down. He brought his hand up, adjusted his messy hair to try and cover his scar in a well-practiced movement.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Look on the bright side. You’re not Undesirable Number One anymore,” Ginny said cheerfully.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry managed a smile at that. He was quiet for a second, and then, “The last time I was here, I robbed Gringotts.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny’s smile faded. “You mentioned,” she said, carefully. “To get the sword. To destroy the… the <em class="calibre8">things</em>.” The Horcruxes. The bits of Voldemort’s soul.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Well, not exactly,” Harry admitted. He looked sheepish. “We had the sword. We had to get the cup. It was a… a <em class="calibre8">thing</em>,” he said. “It used to belong to Helga Hufflepuff. Vold—Riddle, Riddle got it,” he corrected himself, and Ginny understood why; saying <em class="calibre8">Riddle </em>would attract less attention than <em class="calibre8">Voldemort</em>. “It was in Bellatrix Lestrange’s vault. I realised that when…” He straightened up in his seat, took a deep breath, “when we were in Malfoy Manor. The three of us… Dean and Luna were there, too, and Ollivander, and D-Dobby.” His voice was shaky. “And Griphook.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Luna was there?” Ginny repeated. “<em class="calibre8">Dean</em>? Wait… how did you even get to Malfoy Manor? Who’s Griphook?”</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry took another deep breath. “The three of us were camping. After breaking into the Ministry. I… I fucked up, a bit. Led to us getting caught by Snatchers. They brought us to Malfoy Manor.” Very slowly, but in the calm, steady tone that Ginny mentally called his ‘future Auror tone’, Harry started to tell her the story, of how Bellatrix tortured Hermione when she saw they had the Sword, of how Dobby the house-elf had shown up to rescue him and the rest of them, of how Peter Pettigrew’s own hand had ended up killing him, of how they’d escaped to Shell Cottage just in time.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“And then I buried Dobby,” Harry finished. His voice was hoarse, and low.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny’s eyes were burning with tears, and her palms had indentations from where she’d dug her nails tightly as she’d listened to Harry, without interruption. “Merlin,” she breathed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Yeah,” Harry said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny thought about the pale look on Hermione’s face when the topic of the Malfoy’s had been mentioned. It all made sense now. She knew first-hand how awful the Cruciatus was, and her respect for Hermione, which had already been quite high, was at an all-time high now. To lie while being tortured…</p>
<p class="calibre7">She leaned her hand across the table and took his. His fingers were trembling as he held onto her hand, but he didn’t let go.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“Did you testify at the Malfoy trial?” she asked, very quietly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“I did,” Harry said. If he seemed surprised that she didn’t have any other questions, he didn’t reveal it.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“What did you say?” Ginny asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“I said… I said Draco could have identified me, but he didn’t. And that he could have killed Dumbledore sixth year, but he didn’t. And that Narcissa… lied about me being alive. Lied to Riddle’s face, told him I was dead.”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“That’s how… that’s how Riddle thought you were dead? Narcissa lied?” Ginny asked, frowning.</p>
<p class="calibre7">“I… I kind of did die, for a bit. I think. I’m not sure,” Harry said. A faraway expression came onto his face.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny felt even more confused. All confusion aside, though, she couldn’t hear that Harry had maybe <em class="calibre8">died</em> and not have any more questions. “You did?” she demanded. “What the fuck does that mean, you’re not sure?”</p>
<p class="calibre7">“It’s… it’s kind of a long story, too,” Harry said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny raised an eyebrow. She was starting to think that Harry had a lot of those.</p>
<p class="calibre7"> </p>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_24"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../0e851-qamoq.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_002.xhtml">i.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_003.xhtml">ii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_004.xhtml">iii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_005.xhtml">iv.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_006.xhtml">v.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_007.xhtml">vi.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_008.xhtml">vii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_009.xhtml">viii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_010.xhtml">ix.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_011.xhtml">x.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_012.xhtml">xi.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_013.xhtml">xii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_014.xhtml">xiii</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_015.xhtml">xiv.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_016.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_011.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../0e851-qamoq.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
