<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>all your fumble words - lazyweekendmornings - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../0e851-qamoq.html">all your fumble words
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    lazyweekendmornings

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_001.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_003.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_3">i.</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">The first thing Ginny noticed in the morning was the quiet.</p><p class="calibre7">All her life, all around her, she’d been used to noise. Not the kind of noise that kept her awake back in Grimmauld Place in London, with the cars and the people and the crowds: those are city noises, as her mother put it, and she wasn’t used to that.</p><p class="calibre7">What she was used to was the constant hum of people and magic. The Burrow is never fully quiet: even in the early morning, you can hear the chickens outside, and the sound of the dishes being washed in the sink, and the knitting needles in her mum’s rocking chair by the fireplace. And then there’s the matter of her brothers: they’re always shouting at each other from across the house – which she is all too happy to join in with – things like <em class="calibre8">have you seen my maroon socks </em>and <em class="calibre8">which of you hid my Prefect badge, it isn’t funny</em> and <em class="calibre8">hey, Percy, maybe your badge is hidden up your – sorry Mum! </em>and the ghoul wailing in the attic and…</p><p class="calibre7">And Fred and George’s rooms, constantly emitting bangs and whirring noises. There’s always been the sound of people around her, of life being lived, of family.</p><p class="calibre7">Which is why, when Ginny woke up and walks downstairs on the morning of the fourteenth day after the Battle, the fourteenth day back home, the first thing she noticed was the quiet. The dishes were piled up in the sink, stationary. There was no knitting on the rocking chair. Even the chickens were quiet, as if they knew. Fred and George’s room – George’s room, she corrected herself. George’s room was surrounded with a thick shroud of silence.</p><p class="calibre7">Her mother was no better. She’d been up in her bedroom for the last week or so, ever since Fred’s funeral. Ginny hadn’t much felt up to conversation with anyone, either, so she understood the feeling. Everything felt off, and the quiet only added to it. She wanted to scream, to break something, to do something to shatter the silence and make herself feel whole, normal again, but she knew that wouldn’t help. She already tried it, the day of Fred’s funeral.</p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">The day of Fred’s funeral was bright and sunny, as if to taunt Ginny. She sat next to Harry in the second row, screwing her face up against tears as she listened to an old wizard she remembered from Dumbledore’s funeral and Bill’s wedding talk about <em class="calibre8">bravery </em>and <em class="calibre8">valour</em> and <em class="calibre8">true Gryffindor spirit</em>. It didn’t feel real: if it wasn’t for the warmth Harry’s hand holding hers, she wouldn’t have even believed that this was happening. It reminded her of the summer after her first year, when she would have the same nightmare every single night: her family members dead in the Chamber, her holding the wand that murdered them, Tom Riddle’s laughing face, and the deep-rooted knowledge that it had been her who killed them.</p><p class="calibre7">This felt like that. She knew it wasn’t her fault that Fred was dead. It wasn’t fair, though. He was her older brother, and now she would have to live to be older than he ever got to be. He didn’t belong there, in the casket, surrounded by a grieving atmosphere he would have hated. He belonged in the sunshine, in the real world, telling her jokes and taking the piss about her and Harry, and mocking Ron.</p><p class="calibre7">The wizard finished speaking and waved his wand. Slowly, the grave was covered, and the words were engraved onto the tombstone under his murmured instructions. <em class="calibre8">Here lies Fred Weasley</em>.</p><p class="calibre7">It was the greatest effort of her life, keeping composed through the funeral. Later on, she would think about it, and would have no recollection of what happened. She was sure her dad spoke, at some point, and so did George, and maybe Percy, but she had no idea what any of them had said. Later on, once they were back home, she realised she had no memory of how they’d gotten there. Her mother squeezed her shoulders and let go, going to the kitchen, and that’s when Ginny seemed to snap back to reality. She was crying, she realised, and didn’t know for how long she had been, but that explained why her mother had been holding her. She could taste the tears, salty and burning on her cheeks, and the dull ache behind her eyes told her she had been crying for quite a while. Maybe she’d never stop.</p><p class="calibre7">She stormed her way up to her room and slammed the door shut behind her, shaking with sobs. “Fuck!” She shouted, and seized the books on her desk, throwing them to the floor as hard as she could. Her perfume bottle was next—it had been a birthday gift from Fred when she was thirteen years old, and she loved the flowery scent so much she had bought it every year since. She took vindictive pleasure in that, in throwing that to the ground and watching it shatter.</p><p class="calibre7">Five minutes later, when the door opened and her dad walked in, the room was absolutely destroyed, and Ginny was curled up in the corner of her bed, clutching her pillow like it was the only thing in the world left to anchor her. Her dad sat down on the edge of the bed, resolutely looking away.</p><p class="calibre7">Arthur waved his wand and the books returned to the desk, the bottle reassembled, and the room began to tidy itself. Another wave, and he produced a soft face cloth, which he handed to her. “Here,” he said, and his voice was gentler than Ginny had ever heard it. “Wipe your face, love.”</p><p class="calibre7">She sat up slowly, rubbing at her face angrily. She was grateful her father didn’t look at her. She couldn’t bear it when others saw her cry, especially her family, who already had a tendency to think her weaker than she was.</p><p class="calibre7">“Breaking things won’t help,” Arthur said. He still sounded gentle, but also tired. “I’ve tried that before. It never has helped. But then again, I’ve never had to bury my own son…” His voice broke.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny moved without thinking, until she was sitting on the edge of the bed next to her dad. He wrapped his arm around her, she leaned his head on his shoulders, and they both didn’t talk for a few minutes. She had never seen her dad cry before.</p><p class="calibre7">“How’s George doing?” she asked, finally. Her voice sounded strange to her own ears, distant and odd.</p><p class="calibre7">“Much as the rest of us are, I expect,” Arthur said. “Ron and Bill are with him. It will take him a while. It will take all of us a while, but we’ll be okay.”</p><p class="calibre7">“How do you know?” Ginny asked. It didn’t feel right. It didn’t feel like anything would be okay every again.</p><p class="calibre7">Arthur looked at her then. “Because,” he said, “we have no other choice.”</p><p class="calibre7">*</p><p class="calibre7">She thought about that conversation now. Her father was right: they don’t have a choice but to move on with their lives, try to create a life in a world where Fred Weasley wasn’t there anymore.</p><p class="calibre7">She didn’t know how.</p><p class="calibre7">She didn’t think anyone did. They were trying. George had spent the last two nights at Shell Cottage with Bill and Fleur. Ginny wondered if that was easier for him, with only one brother and sister-in-law fussing around him instead of everyone here. Ron had been busy with Hermione. She doesn’t know if anyone else noticed, but they were definitely planning something. It was almost like déjà vu in a way, seeing the both of them with their heads together, planning in whispers as far away from subtle as possible. Arthur had thrown himself into work, as has Percy. Charlie left back for Romania last night. And Harry…</p><p class="calibre7">He had seemed off, as off as she felt. He hadn’t been part of Ron and Hermione’s planning sessions; Ginny doubts he even noticed them. He’d been staying close to Ginny, mostly. They still hadn’t talked, after the Battle, but his presence made her feel better, and she suspected it was the same for him, too. She hadn’t had the energy to initiate a conversation with him about their relationship. She barely had the energy for anything.</p><p class="calibre7">She couldn’t handle it anymore. It was quiet and it didn’t feel like home anymore, and she felt as if there was something crawling under her skin all the time. She was still in her pyjamas and slippers, but she didn’t think twice when she walked straight out of the house.</p><p class="calibre7">The broom shed looked the same as it always does. Ginny hesitated when she sees the collection of brooms. She chose an old Cleasnsweep, and retrieved it, and then she was in the air, and didn’t have to think about anything except the wind in her hair and the cold morning air whipping at her exposed face.</p><p class="calibre7">She didn’t know how long she’d been flying, but the sun was high in the sky when she finally touched back down, and her stomach was acidic from hunger. Squinting against the sun, she had just dismounted from her broom and turned towards the shed when she realised she wasn’t alone.</p><p class="calibre7">Sitting under a tree in the orchard was none other than Harry himself. He met her eyes and offered her a sheepish wave. Slowly, she walked over to him. His hair was rumpled and even messier than usual. “Hi,” she said.</p><p class="calibre7">“Brought you breakfast,” Harry said. It was only then that Ginny noticed the little basket next to him.</p><p class="calibre7">“I didn’t know Mum was up and about yet,” she said. She felt a small jolt of hope in her chest at the idea that her mum may be up and about, bustling around the noise.</p><p class="calibre7">“Oh, er…” Harry shifted a little, and ran his hand through his hair. “She didn’t—I mean, I made it. I thought maybe you’d be hungry. I saw you flying and…” he trailed off, clearly self-conscious.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny thought of Harry, seeing her from the kitchen window and deciding to bring breakfast out to her, even packing it up nearly as neatly as her mum usually does, and felt oddly close to tears.</p><p class="calibre7">“I am hungry,” she finally said. She sat down next to him, setting the broom down. She realised, with a jolt, that the broom she chose was Fred’s old one. She turned to look at the basket, so she wouldn’t have to dwell on that anymore. Harry had brought her what looks like a selection of sandwiches, and even a little cup of tea charmed to stay warm. Her hands were numb, and she reached for the tea gratefully. “Thank you,” she said, very softly.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry hesitated for a moment, and then seemed to reach some sort of inner conclusion. He took out a sandwich for himself and took a bite from it. “I forgot how well you flew,” he told her. His voice sounded oddly thick, too. “If—if things had been different, I reckon you would’ve been Quidditch Captain last year.”</p><p class="calibre7">For the first time in days, possibly weeks, Ginny smiled. It felt like an odd movement to make, like her face wasn’t used to it. “Yeah?”</p><p class="calibre7">“Yeah,” Harry said, decisive.</p><p class="calibre7">“Thank you,” she said again. Harry seemed to be making an effort, and she wanted to, too. “They cancelled Quidditch last year,” she told him. She had done her best not to talk about the last year, about how awful Hogwarts was, but it was different with Harry. It always had been. “They claimed it was for safety, but I think it was so that the Dementors could have free reign. They took over the Quidditch pitch…” She shuddered as she thought about the sight of her favourite place at school overtaken by… those things.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry didn’t say anything, but the hand that wasn’t holding the sandwich clenched up into a tight fist.</p><p class="calibre7">“It didn’t feel like Hogwarts,” Ginny continued. “Nothing felt the same. And I’d think of you, all the time. You, and Ron and Hermione, and what you three could be doing, on the run from the Death Eaters and Ministry and Merlin knows who else…”</p><p class="calibre7">“I’d think of you, too,” Harry said. He was fiddling with his sandwich more than eating it. “I… I used to watch your dot. On the Marauder’s Map. All the time. And when I… when I was in the Forest, with Riddle that last time… you were the last thing I thought of. Before the Killing Curse hit me.”</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny looked up at Harry. His eyes were suspiciously bright. “So… you really did die, then?” she whispered. Her heart was in her throat, or so it felt, anyway.</p><p class="calibre7">“I think so,” Harry admitted. Ginny didn’t know how, but she just knew he hadn’t said this to anyone before. “But I came back.”</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny took a moment to process this. She knew there were so many follow-up questions, not least of which is the matter of Harry’s actual death, but all she could focus on were his green eyes, staring intently at her in the quiet way Harry had that had always managed to get to her, even when she was just a nervous ten year old on Platform Nine and Three Quarters.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’ve missed you,” Harry continued. He seemed determined to do this, to say everything he had come out here to say. “And I know it’s a lot to ask of you, and the timing is terrible, but—”</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny interrupted him. “Do you remember what I said, on your birthday?” she asked him. When he furrowed his eyebrows in confusion, she put down her cup of tea and reached out, carefully unfurling his fingers from his fist so she can hold his hand. “Did you meet any Veela when you were gone?” she whispers.</p><p class="calibre7">“Definitely not,” Harry said. He gave Ginny’s hand a little squeeze.</p><p class="calibre7">She leaned in and kissed him then, without really needing to think about it. He felt just the same as he always had and kissing him was a warm burst of familiarity in a world that no longer felt the same.</p><p class="calibre7">“I’ve missed you, too,” she whispered. The words were muffled against Harry’s lips, but she felt it when he smiled.</p><p class="calibre7">She knew it would take a while until her family was whole again, if that happened at all. She knew that they would have to find a way to work through the grief, to keep going, to live in a world that Fred, Remus, Tonks, so many of their friends died for.</p><p class="calibre7">Things were far from healed. But here in the orchard, kissing the boy she’s loved for years now, it was easy to pretend that they were.</p><p class="calibre7"> </p><p class="calibre7"> </p>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_4"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../0e851-qamoq.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_002.xhtml">i.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_003.xhtml">ii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_004.xhtml">iii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_005.xhtml">iv.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_006.xhtml">v.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_007.xhtml">vi.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_008.xhtml">vii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_009.xhtml">viii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_010.xhtml">ix.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_011.xhtml">x.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_012.xhtml">xi.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_013.xhtml">xii.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_014.xhtml">xiii</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_015.xhtml">xiv.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="all your fumble words_split_016.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_001.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../0e851-qamoq.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="all%20your%20fumble%20words_split_003.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
