<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Grave Days - Northumbrian - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Grave Days
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Northumbrian

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_015.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_15">Inhumations</h2>


    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Notes</p>
      <div class="endnote-link">
        See the end of the chapter for  <a href="#endnotes13">notes</a>
      </div>
</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">
  <b class="calibre2">13: Inhumations</b>
</p>
<p class="calibre7">Hexworthy Cemetery lay in a sheltered valley overlooking Dartmoor. Standing on a hillside more than a mile from Hexworthy village, the graveyard was surrounded by trees on three sides. The fourth side was open,  framing a panorama across the wild moor.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Neat gravel paths criss-crossed their way between cropped grass and upright granite slabs. Usually a place of quiet reflection, one part of the graveyard was extremely crowded. More than one hundred people were clustering around an open grave.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Unlike the Muggle funeral Harry had attended the previous day, on this occasion everyone wore formal robes. The mourners stood around awkwardly, waiting for the ceremony to begin. There were in several distinct groups.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The largest group consisted mostly of redheads. They were the family – the Weasleys and Prewetts. Harry stood at the front of that group. Somewhere behind him was Aunt Muriel, he had no idea where, but he heard her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘So that’s Potter, is it?’ Muriel’s shrill dismissal carried clearly across to him, ‘He doesn’t look like much, does he?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ignoring the remark, Harry looked across at the Minister. Kingsley was standing with the surviving members of the Order of the Phoenix, including Professor McGonagall. Dumbledore’s Army were all present. The Chasers, Katie, Alicia, and Angelina, were together as always. They were so distraught that they were hardly able to stand. Only Angelina was unaccompanied. Oliver Wood was supporting Katie, while Lee had a tight grip on Alicia. There were many other former students; it seemed that most of Fred’s year group had attended. Finally, there were a half-dozen people who Ginny had identified as Fred and George’s employees.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry looked slowly around the cemetery. Most of the headstones surrounding the freshly-dug grave bore the name Weasley. He was standing next to the graves of Bedivere Weasley and his wife Ysolde, both of whom had died over a century earlier.</p>
<p class="calibre7">He thought back to his one and only visit to his parents’ grave and wondered where his own grandparents, and their grandparents, were buried. He knew next to nothing about the Potters and, he thought ruefully, no more about the Evans’ despite spending the first eleven years of his life with one. Harry gazed morosely around the graveyard and saw nothing but tombstones and crypts. He shivered. Death was ever present—it was everywhere he looked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">A cool breeze gusted down from the moor, bringing with it the sweet sounds of birdsong and the muffled echoes of an unseen herd of wild ponies. Looking for a distraction, Harry gazed out across the moorland. A kestrel hovered on quivering wingtips, watching the heather and waiting patiently.</p>
<p class="calibre7">When he returned his gaze to the graveside he saw a butterfly, an early cabbage white, fluttering frantically in the wind. It flew in front of the newest headstone, the stone marking what would soon become Fred’s final resting place. The butterfly’s bright white silhouette was in stark contrast to the grey granite slab. The sounds and sights around him reminded Harry that life, too, was ever present, ever-changing, and everywhere he looked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">A tall grey-clad wizard gave a signal, and the ceremony began. Harry heard tuts and hisses from several of the Weasley clan when Ginny joined her brothers to lift Fred’s coffin. The low, disapproving murmur was shushed almost as soon as it began, but not before it had affected Molly. Her head drooped and her knees buckled. Her husband whispered something in her ear, and she stood straight and glared in the direction of the murmurs. Arthur and Harry glared, too.</p>
<p class="calibre7">As he watched the six surviving Weasley children carry their brother to his grave, tears coursed down Harry’s face. He did nothing to staunch their flow. He could not; he had a woman on each arm. He stood on Molly Weasley’s right, his left arm around her. His right arm was around a weeping Hermione, who clung tightly to him, burying her head into his shoulder.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Arthur stood on Molly’s left. On Arthur’s left was Fleur. The black-robed robed, pale-skinned blonde stood sorrowful and silent, a monochrome vision of grief. She held her father-in-law’s arm tightly. Harry gripped Molly Weasley’s shoulder firmly as she determinedly watched the coffin and its bearers. As six of her children laid the seventh to rest, she was shaking with grief. Her uncontrollable sobs were loud and heart-rending. He could feel the tension in Arthur Weasley’s arm as he too supported his wife. Arthur was trying to be strong, but there was no doubting his anguish.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The coffin was lowered slowly into the ground and, after bowing their heads, the Weasley siblings rejoined their parents. Harry released Molly. He and Hermione stepped to one side to allow the surviving Weasley children the opportunity to comfort their parents. They found themselves being dragged back into the family group.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You’re both part of this family, too,’ Arthur Weasley reminded them forcefully through his tears.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry barely heard the grey-clad wizard’s eulogy to Fred. He was concentrating on supporting Ginny, who was holding him in a painfully rib-crushing hug and crying into his chest. He desperately tried to comfort his girlfriend. No-one should have to go through this. <i class="calibre8">All killings were wrong; all killers must be stopped and brought to justice.</i></p>
<p class="calibre7">As he looked at the grieving family, Harry’s few remaining doubts about his chosen career vanished. He had been offered the Auror job simply because of who he was. He wasn’t certain that he deserved it, that he could do it. But he must make himself good enough—he must become an Auror.</p>
<p class="calibre7">When the wizard conducting the service finished speaking, George Weasley stepped nervously forwards.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’ve heard people say that losing a brother is like losing a part of yourself,’ George began, ‘I can tell you from personal experience that it’s a lot worse.’ He moved his hand to the side of his head, where one ear was missing and grinned sorrowfully. No one laughed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Fred was my twin, my friend, and my business partner. I wanted to say something funny, something fitting, here … but I can’t. I can’t think of anything. We were always a double act, and I haven’t worked out how to perform solo yet.’ Molly gave a barking soul-wrenching wail at his admission.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Sorry, Fred, I miss you, mate.’ George stopped, sniffed, reached over the grave, and pushed a Galleon into the prepared hole in the stone. ‘All I can say is; goodbye, Fred, I’ll never forget you.’ He stepped back from the graveside and drew his wand. As one, Dumbledore’s Army followed suit, and the Galleon was attached to the gravestone by more than two dozen permanent sticking charms.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny stepped forwards and was the first to touch the Galleon. The photograph was of a headless young man in maroon robes. He doffed his hat, revealing a laughing Fred Weasley. Ginny grinned through her tears when she saw the image, and winked at Harry. Ron followed, and he too left the graveside smiling.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry then led the rest of the DA forwards. After gently stroking the Galleon and whispering ‘Goodbye, Fred,’ he returned to Ginny’s side and watched the rest of Dumbledore’s Army file past. Lavender Brown dismissed all offers of help, and determinedly levitated her wheelchair until she could reach the Galleon unaided.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Once everyone had paid their last respects, the grey-clad wizard who had performed the interment ceremony closed the remembrance service and replaced his pointed hat on his head. This was the signal that the formal part of the funeral was over, that it was time to leave. Harry swallowed hard and looked at Dumbledore’s Army and the Weasley staff members. Most of them were as nervous as he was, but Ginny had assured them all that it would be all right. He pulled out a pointed hat, and the DA followed his lead. Together, they solemnly placed headless hats on their heads.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Well, really,’ Aunt Muriel snapped. Arthur and Molly gasped. George looked startled for a second before bursting out into peals of almost manic laughter. Bill and Charlie, and even Percy, laughed. Arthur and Molly were, unfortunately, incapable of laughter, but they smiled sadly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You sods,’ George shouted, as tears streamed down his face. Ginny pulled off her hat and ran to comfort her brother. The rest of the DA followed suit, removing the hats and moving forwards. Harry found himself swept up in the crowd surrounding George.</p>
<p class="calibre7">A whisper hissed its way through the throng. ‘Surround the grave, pass it on,’ Lee Jordan muttered, Harry turned to Parvati Patil and obeyed the instruction, helping the whisper on its way. There were, Harry realised, as he looked around, several non-DA members in the crowd. Bill, Fleur, Charlie and Percy had, of course joined them, as had Oliver Wood, many of the students from Fred’s year and all of the Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes staff. One of them, a short, skinny young woman, whom Harry vaguely recognised, was staring at him. Harry stared back.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘That’s Verity,’ Ginny hissed sharply in his ear, as if she was reading his thoughts. ‘I reckon that she fancies you.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Safely surrounded by his friends, George wiped the tears from his eyes, stepped forwards and tapped Fred’s Galleon with his wand. Everyone looked at George expectantly. He looked around, ‘Who’s going to touch it now?’ he asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny walked back to the graveside and touched the Galleon again. With a pop, she transformed into a giant bright yellow chicken; everyone laughed. Harry imagined Fred watching the scene and laughing, then realised that, thanks to the Galleon, he was.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny returned to her normal appearance after a minute, the second that Fred’s laughing image vanished. She walked back to the group and hugged George tightly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m a coward,’ George announced to his friends. ‘Fred would have activated the charm before the service, but I know Mum wanted some dignity.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You’re not a coward,’ Ginny told her brother. ‘You care about Mum’s feelings; that’s not cowardice, it’s compassion.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We need to go,’ Bill reminded everyone quietly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">They turned away from the grave. It was time to leave for the next funerals.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’d like to invite you all back to The Burrow,’ Arthur said quietly to all of the mourners as everyone gathered at the cemetery gates preparing to leave. ‘We’re holding a wake for Fred at noon. We, like many of you, have another funeral to attend now, and some of us,’ he glanced at Harry, ‘have a third at noon. My sons and daughter-in-law will be at the Burrow to greet you. My wife and I will join you as soon as we can.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">The arrangements for the final funeral of the day, Harry knew, had caused some problems for the Weasleys. They, like many others, were attending the noon funeral from a sense of duty alone.</p>
<hr class="calibre9"/>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny removed her arms from around Harry’s waist, looked around the rapidly-filling cemetery and hissed disdainfully. Alongside her, Ron growled and Hermione snarled. Harry followed their eyes and stared at the object of their contempt. Draco Malfoy, emaciated and even more pale-faced than usual, looked terrified. He was holding something. Under their fierce gaze, he shivered in fear, and almost dropped his burden. It was Teddy Lupin.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘He’s Tonks’ cousin,’ Harry reminded his friends as they stared at Draco. Narcissa, who was standing next to her son, ignored him. She was too busy supporting her sister, Andromeda Tonks, who was desperately trying not to cry. ‘Stay here, there’s something I want to do,’ said Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Draco Malfoy looked ill. His blond hair was lank and greasy, his cheeks sunken; his always pale skin was the colour of sun-bleached bone. Harry marched determinedly towards him, taking malicious pleasure from the fear obvious in Draco’s bloodshot and dark shadowed grey eyes.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Revelling in Malfoy’s discomfort until the last possible moment, Harry stopped in front of Tonks’ mother, ‘Andromeda,’ he told her, ‘I am so sorry.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">She nodded stoically. Andromeda was reserved and proper. She was determined to suffer in silence. Harry wondered what to do. She was certainly not so tactile a person as Molly. Hugging her was out of the question, so he shook her hand.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Thank you,’ she mumbled.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry turned to Narcissa Malfoy. Each carefully assessed the other. Narcissa’s face was an emotionless mask. ‘And thank you,’ Harry told her politely. Draco’s mother’s mask slipped for a moment and her forehead wrinkled in surprise.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘For what?’ she asked, once again impassive. </p>
<p class="calibre7">‘For saving my life in the forest, and for helping Andromeda,’ he told her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Finally, he turned to face Draco, who stepped hastily backwards and stumbled. As Harry caught his elbow and steadied the young Death-Eater, his sworn enemy, he spoke, ‘Perhaps it would be best if <i class="calibre8">I</i> carried my godson.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Draco looked positively relieved. ‘Take him,’ he said, almost throwing the sleeping Teddy at Harry. Harry carefully cradled the baby in his arms and looked questioningly to Andromeda Tonks, who nodded her approval. Smiling, Harry carefully walked back to rejoin his friends and family. Molly, Fleur, Ginny and Hermione stepped forwards to meet him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘This is my godson,’ Harry told them proudly, ‘Teddy Lupin.’ The women gazed at the tiny bundle in Harry’s arms.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘May I?’ Fleur asked, holding out her arms.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’d like to hold him myself, for a minute,’ Harry told her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m surprised that Malfoy let you take him away,’ Ron muttered. ‘Now there’s nothing to stop us from hexing the slimy git.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Not at the funeral,’ said Hermione firmly. Her tone seemed to imply that it would be acceptable to her at any other time.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry,’ Arthur Weasley murmured. ‘It’s time.’ He nodded to the edge of the cemetery, where the pall-bearers were gathering. Harry looked down at Teddy, then looked up hopefully at the women surrounding him. Fleur was quickest. She took Teddy from him a moment before Ginny and Molly offered. Much to the young Frenchwoman’s amusement, Harry made sure that she was holding him correctly before going to join the other pall-bearers.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Where are we, Mr Weasley?’ Harry asked as he looked around the beautiful, heavily wooded cemetery, ‘I thought that we were going to London.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We are in London, Harry,’ Arthur Weasley told him. ‘This is Highgate Cemetery—at least, the wizards’ corner of Highgate. It’s a beautiful place, isn’t it?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Yes,’ Harry agreed. ‘But so is Hexworthy,’ he added diplomatically.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It is,’ Arthur admitted. ‘My bones, and those of my other sons, will lie in Hexworthy some day, I’m sure.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Not for a very long time, I hope,’ said Harry fervently. Arthur Weasley smiled and patted his shoulder. Harry looked around at his fellow pall-bearers. The signal was given. It was time to begin.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Kingsley Shacklebolt, along with other members of the Order of the Phoenix … and Draco Malfoy … stepped forwards and lifted Tonks’ coffin. Harry watched Malfoy move forward – <i class="calibre8">he’s her cousin, her only male relative,</i> he reminded himself. Then, with Arthur Weasley and other members of the Order of the Phoenix, Harry lifted the second coffin, Remus Lupin’s, and followed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">When Harry and his fellow pall-bearers reached the large grave, they carefully lowered Lupin’s coffin to rest alongside his wife’s. Harry looked into the open pit, reached into his pocket, and pulled out the two phoenix feathers he’d bought especially for the occasion. He stretched out his arm, released them and watched them float down onto the coffins.</p>
<p class="calibre7">It wasn’t until he turned away that Harry noticed the adjoining grave; it was obviously recent. He paused in silent contemplation when he read the name, “Edward ‘Ted’ Tonks,” unconsciously pushing his tongue against the back of a re-grown tooth. Realising that he was dawdling, Harry pulled himself from his contemplation and walked across to rejoin the other mourners.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Andromeda Tonks was still being comforted by her sister. Draco had hurried away from the graveside the moment his duty was done. He stood behind his mother, obviously trying to hide. He had good reason; the hostility towards Draco emanating from Dumbledore’s Army was almost tangible. Everyone knew that Draco’s father was still being held in the Auror cells at the Ministry. He was “assisting the Aurors with their enquiries,” according to Kingsley. Harry was extremely grateful for the man’s absence.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Andromeda and Narcissa held each other. As he watched the peculiar family scene, Harry wondered how three sisters could be so different. Bellatrix, he knew, had been interred in an unmarked grave at Azkaban, alongside her husband and the other dead Death Eaters.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry felt a tiny amount of sympathy for Malfoy. Draco had, he realised, been asked to be pall-bearer by Andromeda. It was a wizarding tradition, as Molly had said, to use male blood relatives. Draco was the only one Tonks had. He wondered whether Draco had made the decision himself, or whether he was here only at his mother’s insistence.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry again murmured his condolences to Mrs Tonks. He tentatively patted the witch on her shoulder. She grasped the front of his robes, buried her face in his chest, and sobbed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Teddy’s in good hands,’ he assured Mrs Tonks when she released him. ‘I’ll keep him until the end of the service, if that’s all right.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Thank you,’ Andromeda Tonks sniffled as she squeezed his upper arm. ‘Thank you for everything, Harry. Dora and Remus chose well.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry returned to his family. After yesterday, he had hoped that the funerals might get easier. That had proved to be a vain hope, he was numb with grief. Wiping his face with his handkerchief, he was astonished to find that he still had tears left to cry. Ginny was cradling Teddy. She seemed reluctant to release him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Cute little thing, isn’t he?’ she whispered as Harry lifted his godson from her arms.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘When he’s sleeping, yes.’ He smiled, remembering his first encounter with his godson. ‘He can make a lot of noise, though.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry had initially been nervous about handling the baby, but he had been determined to remove him from Malfoy. Now, as he took Teddy from Ginny, he found a strange sense of comfort in holding and watching the fragile new life so recently created by Lupin and Tonks. He cradled Teddy carefully in one arm. The baby’s back rested on his arm and chest. Teddy’s furry fragile head was cupped gently in Harry’s hand. Harry slipped his free arm around Ginny’s waist. As they listened to the service, he smiled sadly at Molly Weasley. For some reason she seemed to have forgotten the service. Instead she was staring open mouthed at Ginny, Teddy, and himself.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Teddy Lupin burped softly and began to stir. Harry lifted the six-week-old baby higher, leaned forwards and kissed his forehead.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Cry if you want to, Teddy,’ he whispered, ‘everyone else is.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Teddy squirmed and screwed up his face. Harry was convinced that his godson was about to burst into tears. Instead, with a sense of timing that would have made Fred Weasley proud, Teddy waited for a solemn silence, noisily voided his bowels, and settled back to sleep with a satisfied sigh. For the second time that day, Harry found himself laughing at a funeral.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Then the smell hit him.</p>
<hr class="calibre9"/>
<p class="calibre7">It was a few minutes after noon. Unlike the two earlier funerals, there were very few mourners at the bleak, grey Lancashire graveside where Harry now found himself. A mere couple of dozen, not several score. The skies were grey and the windless air hung heavy with the oppressive threat of a thunderstorm. Harry waited to help the Order of the Phoenix carry out their final duty for the day.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny, Ron and Hermione had all insisted on accompanying him. He had not asked them to attend. In fact, he’d suggested that they stay away, but his friends had refused to let him go alone. Not even all of the members of the Order of the Phoenix were attending. All of the Weasley’s sons, apart from Ron, had gone to the Burrow to receive their guests. Only Arthur and Molly had joined the Order to salute another of their fallen comrades. Also standing around the grave were a few members of the Hogwarts staff and, to Harry’s amazement, Narcissa Malfoy.</p>
<p class="calibre7">He looked around yet another cemetery and shivered. The chill, still graveyard with its ornate tombstones and carved sarcophagi reminded him unpleasantly of Little Hangleton.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The signal was given. Harry stepped forward and helped carry another coffin to another grave. He, Kingsley, Arthur and Aberforth were the pall-bearers. He had volunteered for this duty, because he wanted to honour the memory of his mother. He wondered what had motivated the others.</p>
<p class="calibre7">After the coffin was lowered, Harry stepped back and watched the other attendees. It was a much easier task than at the other funerals. Not a tear was being shed. Most people’s faces were neutral and impassive. Some, like Kingsley and Professor McGonagall managed a look of respect. Others, like Ron and Hagrid, could barely mask their contempt. One, Horace Slughorn, was making no pretence of having any interest in the service. Slughorn was carefully observing everyone. He had noticed Ginny and Harry’s arrival, and was calmly and carefully weighing up the new politics and new relationships. Being seen on his arm would be good for Ginny if she returned to school, thought Harry cynically.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry looked down at the grave once again and wondered. <i class="calibre8">If Dumbledore was right, if death was just the next step, where had Professor Severus Snape gone? Would he meet James and Lily Potter? Could they forgive each other?</i> Harry tried to remember Dumbledore’s words to Sirius and Severus: <i class="calibre8">“I’ll settle for a lack of hostilities,” or something like that.</i> He smiled as he tried to imagine a reunion between his parents and his potions master.</p>
<p class="calibre7">He looked at Ginny thoughtfully. <i class="calibre8">Do I love her that much?</i> he wondered.</p>
<p class="calibre7"><i class="calibre8">Would I be prepared to live a lonely life and protect the son of Ginny and</i> … he sought for someone he hated … <i class="calibre8">Draco?’ He stopped; Ginny and Draco? The very idea of them as a couple was preposterous. What did he feel about Draco? Not hatred, not any more. He wasn’t worth hating; he was pathetic, a beaten bully. He wasn’t and could never be a killer, Harry was convinced of that. He would not have killed Dumbledore, at least not face to face. Draco was simply a coward, someone who would lie to save his own skin regardless of the consequences. His mother loved him, loved him enough to risk everything to protect him. Would Draco have done the same for her?</i></p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What on earth are you thinking about?’ Ginny whispered, interrupting his thoughts.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘That I’m not like Snape.’ Harry told her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Why is that funny?’ she asked. ‘First you were grinning, and then you frowned.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You’re not thinking of ditching me for Draco, are you?’ Harry whispered, teasing. Ginny looked at him as if he were mad. He had rediscovered in their past few days together how good she was at guessing what was on his mind. He stopped paying attention to the service and watched her puzzle out his comment for a few minutes. Finally, he saw enlightenment on her face.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You’re thinking about your Mum, Dad, and Snape,’ she whispered. He nodded.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Draco and me? Not bloody likely,’ she assured him. ‘Draco Malfoy was not a nice boy, and he is not a nice man. He betrayed his friends to save himself. And he did it so many times I’ve lost count. His father was the same. I don’t see how anyone with a brain could ever trust him. Besides, I’m certain that the only person Draco has ever truly loved is called Draco Malfoy; and I get the impression he’s not even very keen on <i class="calibre8">him</i> now.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry snorted with laughter. <i class="calibre8">That’s every funeral today</i>, he thought, <i class="calibre8">but Snape is the only one who wouldn’t have approved.</i></p>
<p class="calibre7">When Professor Snape’s funeral ended, there was no one to offer polite condolences to. The man had neither family nor friends. Poor, pitiful, Severus Snape; everyone simply left his graveside. Most of the attendees (Harry could not even think of them as mourners) were, like Harry, Ginny, Ron and Hermione, returning to The Burrow to drink to the memory of Fred and Lupin and Tonks. It was unlikely, Harry realised as he watched them leave, any of these people would even raise a glass to Severus Snape, and none would ever return to this bleak grey graveside.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Eventually, only Narcissa Malfoy remained. She seemed ill at ease, unwilling to leave. After a few moments where she stared at them, and they stared at her. She approached.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘He was Head of Slytherin House and he hated you and your father, yet you carried his coffin,’ Narcissa Malfoy observed with a carefully emotionless voice. ‘Why?’ The question, was said in a different voice, it was urgent and insistent.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘He saved my life; he was on our side; he was another one of Tom Riddle’s victims, and he helped me to defeat him. Take your pick, any one of those would be enough reason,’ said Harry. ‘Why are you here, Mrs Malfoy.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘He saved my son,’ she said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">They stared silently at each other for a few moments, then she turned away and Disapparated. The moment she left, Harry walked up to the grave. His two best friends and his girlfriend were the only others who remained.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What was that all about?’ Ron asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No idea,’ said Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Do you think that she’s trying to decide whether or not she can trust you?’ asked Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘A better question would be; can you trust her?’ Hermione observed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry shrugged, and turned his attention to the grave of Severus Snape.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Goodbye, Professor,’ he said. ‘You didn’t like me, and I didn’t like you, but you saved my life anyway. Thank you. Somewhere, I hope, my Mum and Dad will thank you too.’ He turned to Ginny. She smiled sadly, opened her handbag, and carefully pulled out the flower he’d asked her to conceal. Taking it from her, he silently placed the single red lily on Snape’s grave.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Everyone else, Harry had publicly remembered. Snape had made it so difficult for anyone to like him that, despite his sacrifice, Harry could not bring himself to publicly thank the man even when he was dead. Perhaps one day...</p>
<p class="calibre7">When he stood, Hermione softly kissed his cheek. Ginny hugged him tightly before doing the same.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Well,’ observed Ron, gently placing a hand on Harry’s shoulder and squeezing it softly. ‘That was the last of them. Let’s hope that we don’t have to attend any more for a long time.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We won’t,’ Ginny told her brother, ‘You three have put a stop to the killings.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Not soon enough,’ Harry said sadly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You did your best, Harry,’ Ginny said fiercely. Her bright brown eyes flickered from her boyfriend to her brother and on to his girlfriend, ‘You all did your best.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry shook his head sadly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry,’ said Ginny carefully. ‘Who’s responsible for Thorfinn Rowle’s death yesterday? Is it me?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No,’ he protested vehemently, horrified at the suggestion. ‘That was an accident. He fell on his own cursed dagger. You mustn’t feel responsible.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I don’t,’ Ginny told him matter-of-factly. ‘You didn’t kill Snape. You didn’t even kill Riddle, though Merlin knows that you’d have been justified if you had. <i class="calibre8">You</i> mustn’t feel responsible for the deaths Riddle caused. If you start to do that, he’s beaten you. Now, stop moping and take me home.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">She once again threw her arms around his neck in preparation for Side-Along Apparition. Harry took a last look at the cemetery grabbed his girlfriend around the waist and left.</p>
<hr class="calibre9"/>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’ll be glad when you finally learn how to Apparate, Ginny,’ Ron grumbled at his sister as she again disentangled herself from her boyfriend upon their arrival in the orchard.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I won’t.’ Harry grinned as Ginny took his hand.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I suppose not.’ Ron chuckled, and slipped his arm around Hermione’s waist.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The four young people looked down towards the Weasleys’ home. Arthur and Molly were well ahead of them, ambling slowly down towards their crowded yard.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Mum and Dad are holding hands,’ noticed Ron.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘They often do,’ Ginny told him. ‘I hope that Harry and I are still holding hands with each other when we’re as old as them.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Twice as old as them,’ Harry suggested. Ginny laughed and hugged him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The weather was much better in Devon than it had been in Lancashire. Shimmering clouds of mayflies were visible under the apple trees. It was a bright afternoon and the yard in front of The Burrow was filled with people. Tables and marquees had been set up. The tables were laden with a cold buffet. The almost musical sound of dozens of muted conversations drifted towards them. Several people were staring up at them.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Well,’ said Ron. ‘Now you get to meet the family.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’ve met them before, Ron,’ Hermione reminded him. ‘We saw them at Bill and Fleur’s wedding.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No, you haven’t, not really,’ Ginny warned. ‘At the wedding, the family met Barney Weasley and some Muggleborn with skinny ankles.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I think that you’ve got very nice ankles, Hermione,’ Ron observed. ‘Shapely.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Behind Ron, Ginny rolled her eyes at Harry and pretended to gag. Harry sniggered.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘She has,’ Ron protested, unaware of what Ginny had been doing.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What about my posture?’ Hermione asked, smiling at Ron’s compliment. Ron growled.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Muriel’s horrible to everyone,’ Ron told her. ‘But it’s not just Muriel you’ll need to watch out for.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Today, it’s everyone,’ Ginny explained with a grim smile. ‘The family aren’t meeting cousin Barney and “the Muggleborn,” they are meeting Ron’s girlfriend and Ginny’s boyfriend. That’s <i class="calibre8">definitely not</i> who they met last time. We’d best stick together for our own protection.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Shall we go?’ asked Ron.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Hermione grimaced, nodded and pulled Ron towards Harry and Ginny. She took Harry’s free hand in her own. </p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ready?’ Hermione asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I suppose so,’ Harry replied. Ginny squeezed his hand; he returned the favour and squeezed Hermione’s too.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘They’re not all like Muriel,’ asserted Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘That’s true,’ said Ron gloomily, ‘Some of them are a lot worse.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">As they strolled slowly down the hill in a ragged line, they were being closely watched by most of the redheads in the yard.</p>
</div>


  <div class="calibre1" id="endnotes13">
    <p class="calibre7">Chapter End Notes</p>
    <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">Hexworthy is a real place, a small village on the edge of Dartmoor. My description of the non-existant cemetery is, however, entirely imaginary. I simply could not resist using the name.</p></blockquote>
  </div>

      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_28"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_002.xhtml">Sepulchral Mist</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_003.xhtml">Emotions Exhumed</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_004.xhtml">Morbid Thoughts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_005.xhtml">Love Unveiled</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_006.xhtml">A Pall over The Burrow</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_007.xhtml">Under a Shroud</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_008.xhtml">Family Plots</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_009.xhtml">Morning before Mourning</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_010.xhtml">Death Watch?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_011.xhtml">Deadlines</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_012.xhtml">The Corpse in the Cemetery</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_013.xhtml">Funereal Progress</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_014.xhtml">Inhumations</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_015.xhtml">Committals</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_016.xhtml">Postscripts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_017.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_015.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
