<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Grave Days - Northumbrian - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Grave Days
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Northumbrian

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_005.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_007.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_7">A Pall over The Burrow</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">
  <b class="calibre2">5: A Pall over The Burrow</b>
</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry tensed. The Weasleys’ silent gaze was enough to cause the temperature to drop below freezing; he shivered. Ginny simply looked disdainfully at her family and then ignored them. She shuffled on his lap, ran her fingers through his hair, kissed his scar, and asked why he’d suggested goblins as Azkaban guards. This proved to be the catalyst for a spirited discussion. It kept them all talking for quite some time, and as they talked, the temperature in the room rose.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The conversation slowly turned and after one careful question from Ginny, Harry found himself talking about his visits to the other bereaved families. He was soon unburdened himself of the worries that had been building up over the past few days; told them of the sorrowing families he’d seen and the grief he had put himself through.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Oh, Harry,’ said Molly. ‘You should have come here sooner.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry nodded ruefully, and resumed his tale. Eventually, he found himself entertaining the Weasleys with a description of his first encounter with his godson, and his struggles to feed baby Teddy.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Did you or Bill ever feed Ginny when she was little?’ Percy asked Charlie, when Harry finished his tale.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny obviously hadn’t forgiven her bespectacled brother for his comments regarding the goblins. She stood; cupped her breasts in her hands and turned to face Percy.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No, they didn’t,’ she told him. These aren’t just something for boys to stare at, Perce! Mum fed us all.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny!’ Molly Weasley tried to scold her daughter, but she was having difficulty hiding her laughter. Percy blushed scarlet and Charlie and George laughed in relief.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Well,’ Ginny told her mother. ‘Boys! No brains.’ She shook her head scornfully and sat back down on Harry’s lap. Her family lapsed back into an uneasy silence.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I thought you were going to Australia,’ Mrs Weasley observed after some time. Molly had to repeat the question. Harry had been busy admiring the freckles on Ginny’s legs and wondering whether he dare move his free hand from the arm of his chair onto her knee.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ron misunderstood,’ Harry began, feeling embarrassment creep over him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Molly was looking at him curiously, she was obviously wondering why he hadn’t been paying attention and he was terrified that Ginny’s mother might, somehow, know what he’d been thinking. He tried to look Mrs Weasley in the eyes as he spoke, ‘I asked Kingsley to set up the Portkeys, that’s all. I wanted to stay at the Ministry, to help Kingsley. But we didn’t think that Hermione should go alone, so Ron went with her.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry suspected that Molly did not entirely believe him, but she did not press the point.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Have you heard from them?’ Molly asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No,’ Harry shook his head, ‘The Australians were going to help to track down Hermione’s parents, getting help from their Muggle government, too. It must be taking longer than they thought. Hermione expected to be back before now.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Molly looked worriedly at her husband, then at her clock. The hand marked “Ronald” was in the position usually occupied by the “Charlie” hand … “Abroad”.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘If they were in trouble I expect that Kingsley would have heard by now,’ Harry reassured her. ‘The Australian authorities arranged for someone to meet them.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I suppose so,’ Molly sighed. ‘They know that the first funeral is tomorrow afternoon, don’t they?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Colin’s,’ Harry confirmed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘How are you getting to the funeral?’ asked Arthur Weasley.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry had discussed the details with Justin Finch-Fletchley only hours earlier; he seized the opportunity to change the subject away from Ron and Hermione.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’re meeting at Colin’s parent’s house, and travelling from there. Justin is organising it. We’ll be Apparating directly into the Creeveys’ living room in small groups. Justin has given us all times to arrive. I know where I’m going, so I’ll take Ginny and George with me.’ Harry stopped and looked at Mrs Weasley; remembering what Justin had told him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Mrs Weasley, Luna will be coming over here soon, unless I go to visit the Lovegoods. Justin said that she wants to talk to me about something.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Don’t go,’ Ginny whispered softly in his ear.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Luna will be welcome, dear,’ said Mrs Weasley. ‘You just stay here and relax.’ She looked at him rather sharply, and added, ‘Visitors are always welcome here; you should know that by now, Harry.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry hardly had time to realise that she was gently scolding him for not visiting sooner, because George spoke immediately.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Even Loony ones,’ George said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Molly Weasley glared at her son. ‘She’s a good girl,’ she scolded.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I wonder what she wants?’ George mused. ‘After all, she’ll see us tomorrow, at the... at the... at the...’ George halted, unable to say the word funeral.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry noticed the sadness in Ginny’s eyes as George spoke. She was determinedly fighting back her tears. Harry squeezed her shoulder in an attempt to comfort her. She turned and buried her head in his shoulder. ‘I should have gone to see the Creeveys. I used to sit next to Colin,’ she said. She spoke quietly, so that only he could hear. Harry hugged her and silently waited for her to regain her composure.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Does anyone want more tea?’ Molly asked. Her words were simply an attempt to fill the silence as grief again flooded the room.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No, thanks, Mum,’ Ginny whispered after everyone else had replied. She lifted her head, gave Harry a watery smile, and raised her voice to its normal level, ‘Go on, Harry, finish telling us about the arrangements for Colin.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘All of Colin’s relatives will be there, so this is a proper Muggle funeral,’ Harry continued. ‘You know that we’ve all been asked to wear Muggle clothes, we’ll be travelling to the church in cars.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Arthur Weasley started forward excitedly. ‘Proper Muggle cars?’ he asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Yes, Dad’ sighed Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘The Creeveys have agreed that the DA, and any of Colin’s classmates who want to go, can attend, but no-one else,’ Harry continued quickly, and successfully diverted Arthur Weasley from a conversation about cars. ‘Professor McGonagall will be there too, and Kingsley, of course. But everyone we don’t know will be Muggle relatives.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘The story,’ Harry advised Ginny and George, ‘is that Colin “died bravely while rescuing fellow pupils from a fire”, Colin’s parents have agreed.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It’s the only way we can let the Muggle relatives know how brave he was,’ Harry continued sadly. ‘We’ll be leaving for the Creeveys’ house at two o’clock. It’s somewhere in the north, a place called Wolsingham. There is a hall booked for afterwards, with food and drink. It will probably be after seven o’clock when we get back, if we go to the hall.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’ll be some of the first to arrive. The funeral is at three. I’ve…’ Harry hesitated, ‘I’ve been asked to be a pall-bearer.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Mrs Weasley took a deep breath, and interrupted Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry,’ she began. ‘For Fred’s funeral on Sunday…’ the room went silent. Harry had begun to relax, his concerns about his not going to Australia, about Ginny sitting on his knee, had been forgotten. Suddenly, the temperature in the room plummeted again. The tension in the air was palpable, something was about to snap. It seemed to Harry that no-one in the room was even breathing.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny stiffened on his lap; her right hand gripped his shoulder tightly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Bill, Charlie, Percy, George and Ron will be pall-bearers, we’ll need a sixth. I wondered…’ Mrs Weasley paused.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry could feel how tense Ginny was; her thigh muscles felt like steel rods on his legs. Her left fist, he saw, was clenched so tightly that her knuckles were white. She was determinedly looking away from both him and her mother, out of a window.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’d be honoured to,’ Harry said, ‘if Ginny doesn’t want to, of course.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny relaxed immediately. Curious, Harry turned to George, who was staring in disbelief at his mother.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’d have thought Lee might have been a better choice than me though,’ he suggested.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Lee Jordan had been the twins’ best friend at school; Harry wondered why he hadn’t been asked. Mrs Weasley was instantly on her feet; she stared angrily at Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It can’t be Ginny,’ Molly said sharply. ‘It has to be wizards. It’s traditional!’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry swallowed hard; he hated disagreeing with Mrs Weasley, especially in these circumstances, but Ginny gave his shoulder an almost imperceptible squeeze and, emboldened, he said, ‘I don’t think that conforming to tradition was something Fred was very good at.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘See!’ shouted Ginny, jumping to her feet and facing her mother angrily. ‘I want to do it, I should do it!’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny,’ began Mrs Weasley.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No, Molly,’ interrupted Mr Weasley. ‘I’m sorry, but we had this argument yesterday, too. I think they’re right. Had it been left up to Fred to organise, I expect we’d all be wearing those ridiculous Headless Hats or something.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Great idea, Dad,’ George whooped.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No!’ Molly shouted, she was, Harry realised, close to tears. ‘No jokes!’ she glared at Harry. ‘She put you up to this, didn’t she?’ Mrs Weasley accused, ‘You arranged it when you first arrived.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Actually, Mother,’ snapped Ginny, ‘I thought you’d noticed; we didn’t actually do very much talking.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">This was too much for Mrs Weasley; she burst into tears and scuttled out from the kitchen into the sitting room, slamming the door behind her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">There were a few moments of stunned silence; Harry could hear Mrs Weasley sobbing in the adjoining room. Mr Weasley looked sternly at both Harry and Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny, you will come with me and you will apologise to your mother,’ he ordered.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Apologise! For what?’ Ginny shouted, tears streaming down her face. Harry felt awkward and alone as unsuspected tensions broke around him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘For making her cry,’ Arthur Weasley held his hands out to his daughter. ‘Now!’ he said with a firmness Harry had never heard before. ‘Please, Ginny,’ he added gently.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry silently handed Ginny his handkerchief. She blew her nose loudly, wiped her tears, and meekly took one of her father’s outstretched hands.</p>
<p class="calibre7">As the door into the sitting room closed behind them, George let out a huge sigh.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Blimey! Sorry about that, Harry.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘There’s nothing to apologise for, George. I’ve caused an argument; I’m the one who should be apologising.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">George shook his head. ‘No, not you, mate. This started yesterday,’ he said sadly. ‘When we were finalising…’ He stopped, sobbing, unable to continue. Charlie took up the story.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘…Finalising the arrangements. There should be four, or six, wizards to carry the coffin.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">George had his head in his hands and was crying softly. Harry and Percy both walked over to him; each put a hand on his shoulder. </p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Mum assumed,’ Charlie continued, ‘that all five brothers would want to do it, so she asked George who should be the sixth. He suggested Lee, but Ginny went ballistic. She’s been acting oddly all week.’ Charlie Weasley glowered at Harry. ‘Ginny’s a tough little thing, but she’s been on edge for days. We thought that it was because of Fred, and the aftermath of the battle. Now, I think there was more to it than that,’ he looked sharply at Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Charlie was the Weasley brother that Harry knew least well and he wasn’t sure how he should take this remark.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Now you’ve arrived, she’s got some of her old bounce back,’ said Charlie. ‘So I hope, for your sake, that you’re not messing her about. <i class="calibre8">I</i> don’t care how famous you are, if you’re messing with my sister…’ Charlie glowered threateningly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Before Harry could protest, Charlie continued.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘George, Bill and I, backed Ginny.’ Charlie glared at Percy before continuing. ‘But Mum asked Lee anyway. He said yes straight away, but Ginny and George collared him. When Lee realised Ginny wanted to be pall-bearer he changed his mind, said Ginny should do it.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We thought Mum had given up,’ Charlie concluded. ‘But she’s all for the traditional ways. I reckon that she was pinning her hopes on you saying yes; and on Ginny not arguing again, not against you.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">George raised his head; wiped tears from his eyes with the back of his hand, sniffed, and looked at Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You’re right, Harry. Fred wasn’t much of a one for the formalities, he would’ve loved the idea of Ginny doing it. Mainly because it will <i class="calibre8">really</i> annoy Aunty Muriel.’ George blinked away his tears; the beginnings of a mischievous grin faltered, almost fell from his face, and then returned.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Did Ginny warn you about the pallbearer thing?’ he asked, staring at Harry. ‘Or was she telling the truth about what you were doing up at the orchard?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘She didn’t warn me,’ Harry began, he felt himself blushing. ‘We, er, we …’</p>
<p class="calibre7">George burst out laughing. Percy looked away in embarrassment. Charlie remained stony-faced, though Harry thought that he saw a twinkle in his eye.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Crikey, Harry, you like to live dangerously, don’t you?’ George sniggered. ‘It’s a good thing Bill wasn’t here.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I hadn’t really seen her since Bill and Fleur’s wedding,’ said Harry, trying to explain.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘So, you were making up for lost time, were you? George teased, his sorrow forgotten as he revelled in Harry’s embarrassment.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘If you were trying to make up nine months snogging in ten minutes, you did a pretty good job,’ George continued, sounding impressed. Harry felt his face begin to burn. ‘You didn’t even come up for air. You two must have been getting a lot of practice.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Yeah, exactly how long have you been snogging our sister, Potter?’ Charlie added sharply, ‘And how many other girlfriends do you have? And does ‘ickle Ronnie know what’s going on?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry was now certain that it would be possible to fry an egg on his face.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Don’t worry about Harry, Charlie,’ George smirked, punching Harry on the arm. ‘He’s not the girl magnet that the Prophet makes him out to be, he’s just a scrawny, speccy, kid. He’s marginally better at talking to girls than Ron, but not a heartbreaker like Perce.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">At this, Charlie finally burst out laughing, and Percy looked as embarrassed as Harry. Mortified though he was, Harry was so pleased to see George attempting humour that he tried to laugh good-naturedly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Dad’s headless hats idea is good, though,’ grinned George when he and Charlie had finished laughing at Harry’s discomfort.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I really think that we should have a bit of decorum, we’re discussing our brother’s funeral.’ Percy looked horrified.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Perce,’ Charlie said. ‘Please try to remember we’re talking about Fred. George and Harry—and Ginny—are right. Decorum and tradition and Fred! Don’t fit; little brother!’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry stepped away from the three brothers and stood quietly, watching them as they continued their good-natured argument. He was extremely pleased that the conversation had, for the moment, moved away from his relationship with their sister. He was beginning to relax when the sitting room door opened and Mr Weasley poked his head out.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry, could you come in here for a minute?’ asked Ginny’s father.</p>
<p class="calibre7">’Of course, Mr Weasley,’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Apprehensively, Harry walked past Ginny’s still stern father into the sitting room. He could feel the stress when he entered the small, cosy room. Ginny was in one corner, almost behind the old sofa, Molly was in another, by the armchair next to the fireplace. The only way the two Weasley women could get further apart would be if one of them left the room. They were poised like cautious cats. Their claws were currently sheathed but both were ready to pounce; each was a second from spitting and hissing. Arthur Weasley closed the door and bravely moved to stand between his wife and his daughter.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry tried to understand Molly’s feelings. He tried to imagine the horror of losing a child. He remembered his own anger at Sirius’s death. How unreasonable he’d been with Dumbledore. He remembered his fears for Ginny’s safety. Everyone’s emotions were as fragile as eggshells. He’d clumsily blundered in and broken several eggs.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry,’ Mr Weasley asked. ‘Did Ginny say anything to you about being a pall-bearer?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny’s father was looking unusually uncompromising, and very much in command. Harry rarely saw Mr Weasley take charge. Harry met his gaze, but it was Mrs Weasley, he realised, who needed the answer. He moved closer to Molly and looked her straight in the eyes, wishing that they weren’t so very like Ginny’s.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No, she didn’t. I said what I did because I think that it’s right. Six…’ Harry sought the word, ‘…siblings; six pall-bearers.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m really sorry that you’re arguing about this, that we’re arguing about this.’ The tension in the room was affecting him, he shook with emotion. Other than the Weasleys, he realised, he had no one. Well, there was Hermione, of course, but... Worried that he was slowly destroying the only family he had, Harry paused and took a deep breath.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m very sorry that I’ve upset you, Mrs Weasley,’ said Harry apologetically. ‘I seem to be upsetting everyone. I didn’t want to start an argument. I didn’t want you to find out about Ginny and me being—being together—the way you did either,’ he continued remorsefully. ‘Perhaps it would be best for everyone if I left. I’ll go back to Grimmauld Place.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No!’ said Ginny and Mrs Weasley simultaneously. They looked at each other, startled. For a moment, Harry thought that their claws would be unsheathed, that a battle would finally begin.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘At least you can agree on something.’ Mr Weasley observed wryly, looking from wife to daughter. Molly and Ginny both smiled sadly at Arthur, then at Harry; the tension began to flow away.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Tradition isn’t everything, Mrs Weasley,’ Harry pleaded Ginny’s case, ‘It was just Hagrid at Professor Dumbledore’s funeral, and you have to admit that Fred wasn’t one for following rules.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I wasn’t allowed to be pall-bearer at my brothers’ funerals,’ said Molly tearfully, her head down.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Her husband, suddenly understanding, stepped forwards and swept his wife into his arms.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Go,’ he silently mouthed to Ginny and Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny grabbed Harry’s hand and led him from the sitting room. Keeping a tight hold, she continued straight through the kitchen and opened the door into the yard. Charlie, Percy and George stood as if to follow them.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Wait here!’ commanded Ginny. She spoke in a tone very like her mother’s, and her brothers obediently sat back down. She ushered Harry past her, made certain that her brothers were still sitting dutifully at the table, and then followed her boyfriend into the yard leaving three men closed in the kitchen.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny wiped moisture from her eyes, blew her nose, and, with an apologetic look, handed Harry his now very wet handkerchief.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Follow me,’ she said, leading him along the side of the house. She stepped around the corner and stopped, leaning against the wall. Harry looked around; the house wall was windowless, they were hidden from everyone inside.</p>
<p class="calibre7">He turned to face Ginny. Green eyes gazed into brown, and brown into green, as they silently considered what had just happened. He put his hands on the rough stone wall of the Burrow, one either side of her head.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Poor Mum,’ observed Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry nodded sadly, uncertain what to say.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Thank you,’ she continued, smiling weakly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘For disagreeing with your Mum? I hope I never have to do that again,’ he told her fervently.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘For saying what you said, Harry; for being on my side.’ She smiled gratefully into his eyes.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’ll come running whenever you call. You know that, don’t you?’ he promised.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny leaned forward, slid her arms gently round his neck and stood on tiptoe. She replied with a quick kiss, gentle and soft on his lips, and slid back against the wall keeping her arms on his shoulders.</p>
<p class="calibre7">When Harry tried to move closer, she held him at arm’s length. ‘We need to talk,’ she ordered.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Later,’ he pleaded.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No! Now! We don’t have long, Harry. Five minutes at the most,’ she told him. ‘You didn’t tell me what you were going to do last year,’ she continued urgently. ‘I think that I understand why, but never, ever, keep secrets from me again, or else.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Or else what?’ Harry teased; then he saw the look on her face. Instantly, he knew what the threat was. Would she really ditch him if he kept secrets from her? He wasn’t going to take the chance.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I won’t; I’m sorry. From now on, no secrets,’ he promised.</p>
<p class="calibre7">No secrets,’ Ginny agreed. They gazed into each others eyes in sudden, total, understanding of the huge thing they had just promised each other.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I didn’t tell you because I wanted you to be safe,’ Harry tried to explain.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Well, that worked really well then!’ said Ginny scornfully. ‘Everyone at Hogwarts knew about us anyway; it wasn’t easy last year.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry’s face crumpled in sorrow. Neville, Luna, and Ginny had been the ringleaders at school last year. Neville had already told him of some of the things that had happened.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m sorry,’ he said, realising how inadequate those words were.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry.’ She shook her head, and smiled sadly at him. ‘You did your best; you saved us all. I had a hard time last year, but I’m sure that yours was worse. So, why didn’t you come here on Sunday?’ she asked, abruptly changing the subject.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Everyone thought that I was with Ron and Hermione, and,’ he admitted, ‘I was afraid.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Afraid! What were <i class="calibre8">you</i> afraid of?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘That <i class="calibre8">you</i> might have found someone else!’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘That was what I was afraid of too.’ Ginny scolded gently. ‘That <i class="calibre8">you</i> might have found someone else. But until you came here, you couldn’t ask me, and I couldn’t ask you. So you just sat, alone, in Grimmauld Place, and fretted and worried, and you let me do the same.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m a bit stupid sometimes. I make trouble for myself,’ admitted Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘True!’ Ginny ruffled his hair, ‘So you agree; you should have come here on Sunday.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Yes,’ Harry admitted, realising that the Weasleys would have supported him, as they supported each other, as they had always supported him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Aha!’ Ginny was triumphant. ‘I’m right and you’re wrong, so listen to me in the future.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">He looked down into her smiling freckled face, his eyes flicking from fine red brows and eyelashes to nose cheeks, chin and full red lips. For a moment, he forgot his grief.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You are beautiful,’ he observed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Don’t change the subject.’ Ginny spoke sternly, though he was certain that she was pleased.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry continued to gaze at her. He drank in the sight of her; tried to imprint her appearance in his memory. She was extraordinary, magnificent; her eyes were still rimmed with red, but full of passion, full of life. He knew then that he would have to tell her about the Horcrux hunt, and the Deathly Hallows, and that she would tell him everything, too.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I need to tell you what happened this year,’ Harry decided.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Even as he spoke, he realised that there were others who he must tell. Most people knew the half-truths and rumours already. But his friends, his family, they needed to know. Everyone who had helped him to escape from Privet Drive; it was important that they knew. </p>
<p class="calibre7"><i class="calibre8">His family</i>, Harry caught himself—he’d been thinking of the Weasleys, and not for the first time. How long had they been his family, he wondered? He had been standing gazing into Ginny’s eyes, thinking, for a minute or more. Ginny stood silently, patiently, watching and waiting.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I have a family,’ he realised.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The importance of this revelation struck him like a Bludger to the head. Ginny looked puzzled for a moment, then she realised what he was trying to say. The importance of his words seemed to strike a chord with her. She cupped his cheeks in her hands.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You have a family and a lot of friends, Harry.’ She examined his face carefully. ‘Sometimes you forget, don’t you?’ she kissed his chin, and looked sadly up into his eyes. ‘But you had neither when you were little, did you? Not really. Well, you need never be lonely again.’ She gave a mischievous grin. ‘We won’t shout at you—often, or be horrible to you—much. But I can promise that we’ll never lock you in a cupboard. Are you going to tell us everything?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry made his decision. ‘Yes, and no, and yes,’ he replied, answering her questions in order.</p>
<p class="calibre7">While Ginny was working out his reply, Harry grabbed her hand and pulled her back around the corner towards the back door.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You are amazing,’ he continued, ‘and I want to be with you forever.’ Ginny gasped and stopped suddenly, astonished at his words.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Come on,’ he ordered, although she was struggling to keep him outside with her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">He didn’t comprehend the significance of his words, not then; so Ginny relented and allowed herself to be escorted back to the door. Hand in hand they approached the Burrow. They climbed the steps, opened the door into the kitchen, and stepped inside.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Arthur and Molly Weasley, also hand in hand had just opened the sitting room door at the other side of the kitchen. The two couples looked at each other and smiled hesitantly. Ginny’s three brothers looked from one door to another.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’ve come to a decision,’ Mr Weasley said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny can be pall-bearer, if that’s what she really wants,’ said Molly; blinking back tears.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ginny ran across the length of the kitchen to her mother and hugged her, ‘Thanks, Mum.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’ve come to a decision, too,’ Harry said. ‘I know that now probably isn’t the time; but I must tell you what happened, what really happened, last year. Not what’s in the papers, but what we were doing, and why. You’re the closest I have to a family, and I owe you the truth.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Mrs Weasley bustled towards him, arms outstretched. Harry did not really need her hug; he knew then, as he’d known for years, that he was welcome, he was already a part of this remarkable family. He knew, too, that Molly needed to hug him, to physically show him that she cared and that their recent disagreement was forgotten.</p>
<p class="calibre7">When Molly Weasley released him, Harry looked across to Ginny’s father. To his surprise, Arthur was still looking very serious, his arms folded.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Well, Harry, you’ve charmed the two women of the house, my wife and my little girl.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m not a little girl anymore,’ Ginny interjected.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Apparently not,’ said Mr Weasley, considering his daughter carefully. ‘But you’re not seventeen yet, either, Ginny.’ He then returned his gaze to Harry. ‘You’ve been going out with my daughter for a year, and neither of you ever thought to tell me, or my wife.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry looked at Ginny for help; she glanced from Harry to her mother, who was standing next to him. Molly would see any hint from Ginny. He was on his own.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Er, we didn’t keep it a secret at school,’ Harry said to Mrs Weasley, it seemed easier and safer to direct his answer to Molly, rather than to her husband, who remained much less easy-going than usual. ‘But we didn’t make any public announcements, either.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘That’s not what Katie Bell told me,’ George interrupted. ‘She said that you snogged Ginny in front of the entire Gryffindor Common Room; that sounds like a pretty public announcement to me.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry felt himself blushing again. Ginny was shooting daggers at her brother.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You knew?’ Harry asked George.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Souls of discretion me’n Fred,’ he grinned. For the first time since Harry had arrived, George didn’t frown after mentioning his brother’s name.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Waiting for an opportunity to embarrass us, more likely,’ Ginny said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We haven’t been able to embarrass you since your second year, sis,’ George replied. ‘We tried often enough, remember?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry’s a different matter, though,’ he grinned wickedly. ‘Come on, Harry, keep talking.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘There’s not much more to say. Today’s the first time we’ve really seen each other since Bill’s wedding, so I suppose it was really three months together and nine months apart, but we’re still together.’ Harry wondered if he was making sense.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It’s serious, I’m serious – we’re serious,’ he added.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We are,’ Ginny confirmed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry looked at her gratefully. George and Charlie were grinning at his discomfort. Percy, however, definitely wanted to be elsewhere. Harry stared at Arthur Weasley, who still looked solemn.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny’s my girlfriend, I hope you understand why we didn’t tell you.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Is there anything else we ought to know? Anything else you’ve been keeping from us?’ Arthur Weasley asked sharply.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘About Ginny and me?’ Harry was puzzled, did Mr Weasley think that they’d …</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘No!’ Harry said forcefully.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Hermione,’ Ginny mouthed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny, let Harry answer for himself,’ Molly scolded.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny told me today,’ Harry addressed Ginny’s father, ‘that … people … have been talking about Hermione and me, like they did during the Triwizard Tournament. She’s a girl, and she’s my friend, but that doesn’t make her my girlfriend. She never has been, she’s just—Hermione,’ he finished pathetically.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Just as well,’ declared George. ‘You’d have to deal with little Ronnie if you tried anything with Hermione, wouldn’t you?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What?’ Harry was surprised. George seemed know everything.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’re not stupid, Fred ‘n me’ve known for years …’ George laughed. ‘She’s been driving Ron crazy since the Triwizard Tournament, probably before then. But he’s so stupid he didn’t know what to do about it. Things got so bad we even felt sorry for the little twerp. Did that book we bought him help? I hope that they’re really enjoying their trip to Australia together.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">The awkward silence that followed George’s announcement was broken by a click.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Mrs Weasley glanced at her clock. The hand marked Ronald had clicked over from “abroad” to “travelling” then on to “home”. The click was followed by a popping noise from the yard. There was a sudden rush for the back door. Ginny, who’d seen her mother’s glance, was the first to move. She took off at a sprint, grabbed Harry’s hand as she passed him and pulled open the back door. They were the first into the yard. George would have been next, had he not realised that pushing his mother out of his way would not be a good idea.</p>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_12"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_002.xhtml">Sepulchral Mist</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_003.xhtml">Emotions Exhumed</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_004.xhtml">Morbid Thoughts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_005.xhtml">Love Unveiled</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_006.xhtml">A Pall over The Burrow</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_007.xhtml">Under a Shroud</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_008.xhtml">Family Plots</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_009.xhtml">Morning before Mourning</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_010.xhtml">Death Watch?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_011.xhtml">Deadlines</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_012.xhtml">The Corpse in the Cemetery</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_013.xhtml">Funereal Progress</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_014.xhtml">Inhumations</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_015.xhtml">Committals</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_016.xhtml">Postscripts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_017.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_005.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_007.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
