<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Grave Days - Northumbrian - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Grave Days
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Northumbrian

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_009.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_011.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_11">Death Watch?</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">
  <b class="calibre2">9: Death Watch?</b>
</p><p class="calibre7">When they arrived Apparating directly into the Creeveys’ living room, Harry noticed that all of the furniture had been pushed back against the wall. Justin Finch-Fletchley stood in the corner of the room, by the open door. Ginny remained tightly wrapped around Harry, and Justin was staring in surprise at them. George immediately let go of Harry’s arm; Ginny, however, kept her arms around his neck and gazed up into his eyes.</p><p class="calibre7">‘That was my first time,’ she whispered huskily. George choked; Harry chuckled.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I hope you enjoyed it, then,’ he smiled. ‘You can let go now, Ginny.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘But I don’t have to,’ she purred.</p><p class="calibre7">‘The next lot will be Apparating right where you’re standing,’ said Justin anxiously. ‘If you could all just move through into the kitchen, please. The Creeveys are waiting to meet you.’</p><p class="calibre7">George left immediately; Justin looked worriedly at Harry and Ginny.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Come on, Ginny,’ Harry pleaded. She released him and strode from the room.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You’re doing a good job, Justin,’ Harry told the curly-haired young man as he followed Ginny, ‘I’m sure that you won’t have trouble with any of the others.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘And Justin,’ he added, ‘Colin knew what he was doing, we all did, and we all made our own choices. He chose to go back to Hogwarts, and he chose to stay and fight, even though Professor McGonagall had ordered him to leave. It’s not your fault that he died.’</p><p class="calibre7">Leaving Justin staring speechlessly after him, Harry followed Ginny through the open living room door into the narrow hall. The front door was to the right; to the left, Harry knew from his previous visit, the hall led into the kitchen. The kitchen door was open and Ginny stood in the narrow hall, waiting for him.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Come on, Harry,’ Ginny sniffed sadly. Her mood, like his, had changed. ‘Let’s go and say goodbye to Colin.’ They smiled mournfully at each other and Harry took the lace gloved hand she proffered.</p><p class="calibre7">They walked down the hall and into the kitchen, where George was already shaking hands with Mr and Mrs Creevey and Dennis. Harry solemnly shook hands with Colin’s parents and introduced Ginny as his girlfriend.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I recognise you from Colin’s photographs,’ Mrs Creevey told Ginny, smiling sadly. ‘He always said that you were very easy to photograph.’</p><p class="calibre7">Looking through the window Harry could see that the house, though small, had a long rear garden; and that there were already more than two dozen teenagers standing in it.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Most of Colin’s classmates are already here,’ Dennis explained, while Ginny was talking to Mr and Mrs Creevey about Colin. ‘They arrived a few minutes ago by bus, from up the dale. The Minister arranged Portkeys for them, because none of them were taught to Apparate last year. The Portkeys took them to a derelict barn near Wearhead and Justin organised the bus to bring them here.’</p><p class="calibre7">The Dennis Creevey who Harry remembered was very much like his older brother; small, enthusiastic and excitable. The black suited, black tie wearing person he was talking to was fourteen or fifteen, and looked about twelve, but there was a weariness about his features, and a forced maturity in his stance.</p><p class="calibre7">‘We’ve all had to grow up quickly,’ Harry observed. Dennis looked at him, surprised. Harry realised that Dennis was astonished that he had continued a conversation instead of trying to leave.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I wish we hadn’t,’ Harry continued. ‘So many good people dead, and all because of a madman. We’ve got to do our best to make sure that nothing like this can ever happen again.’ Harry suddenly realised that Mr and Mrs Creevey, and Ginny had all fallen silent and were listening to his musings.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I’m sorry,’ Harry turned to face Mr and Mrs Creevey, ‘I’m thinking aloud.’ He paused, ‘I am truly sorry for your loss. Colin deserved a life, a good life. He…’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Mr Potter,’ Mr Creevey interrupted gruffly, ‘When Colin first came home, and told us about the great Harry Potter, I wasn’t impressed. I suspected that you’d turn out to be some big headed show-off, someone who was simply famous for being famous. You proved last weekend, and to my wife and I yesterday morning, that you’re a better man by far than I thought you’d be. I’m sorry, and thank you.’ He reached up and patted Harry on the shoulder.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry did not know what to say. He was saved by the arrival of Luna, Hermione and Ron. Hermione and Luna appeared to be arguing. When Mr and Mrs Creevey turned to greet the new arrivals, Ginny grabbed Harry’s hand.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Let’s go outside,’ she suggested, ‘and you can meet my classmates—Colin’s classmates.’</p><p class="calibre7">Harry looked out into the garden. There were three steps down onto a small paved patio. The lawn extended some forty yards down to a stone wall, beyond which were thick bushes. The sound of running water indicated that, somewhere unseen on the other side of the wall, there must be a river. He waited at the door for Ginny to pass, but she insisted that he went first. </p><p class="calibre7">When Harry stepped onto the patio Ginny stopped on the step above. In her boots she was almost as tall as he was. She grabbed his shoulder, turned him round, stood on tiptoe, kissed him lightly on the forehead, and then stepped down next to him.</p><p class="calibre7">‘That was a really nice thing to say,’ she whispered as she again took his hand. All of the sixth year students were watching them as they walked onto the lawn.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny’s classmates were standing in several nervous looking groups. As he looked at them, Harry realised that he could easily identify the pure bloods; they were the ones standing uncomfortably in ill-fitting Muggle clothes. In the largest group, Harry recognised Jack Sloper, and many others whom he couldn’t name. It looked like every member of Gryffindor House from Ginny’s year, <i class="calibre8">Colin’s year,</i> was here. There were many students from other houses, too, standing in smaller groups. One student, however, stood alone. She was a frumpy-looking round-shouldered and hook-nosed girl. The lonely girl wore ugly black-rimmed spectacles and an ill-fitting black dress. She stood hunched, slumped and sad. George, too, was standing all by himself and looking rather lost.</p><p class="calibre7">‘George,’ Ginny called, ‘come and meet my classmates.’</p><p class="calibre7">He slouched over to join them, his hands in his suit pockets. The good humour he’d shown at breakfast, and while playing Quidditch, had now completely vanished. Ginny led Harry over to George and linked her free arm through her brother’s. She then led them over to the lonely girl, who seemed terrified by their approach. She backed away. When that failed to divert them, the girl tried her desperate best to be smaller than Harry: that failed too.</p><p class="calibre7">‘This is Fenella Gray,’ Ginny said, ‘Fenella this is my brother George, and this is Harry.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Hello, Fenella,’ Harry said, George grunted.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Hello,’ Fenella whispered, glancing, like everyone did, at Harry’s forehead to find the scar.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Fenella was in the school camera club with Colin, they did a lot of work together. Colin thought very highly of her, he once told me that she was the most talented photographer in the school.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Really?’ Fenella whispered. Her knees and hips were bent and her spine curved forwards. She had finally managed to look up at Harry. ‘Colin was better, much better,’ she said tearfully, shaking her head.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry watched at her carefully, she was obviously very upset at Colin’s death, but she looked worried, possibly even frightened, about something. Was it simply being close to “the Chosen One,” he wondered, or…</p><p class="calibre7">‘Did you supply Colin with photographic equipment this year?’ he asked shrewdly.</p><p class="calibre7">At this, Fenella burst into tears.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Colin didn’t tell anyone, I guessed,’ said Harry in a panic. ‘You’re a brave girl.’ He rather feebly patted her arm, uncertain what he should do.</p><p class="calibre7">‘He’s dead …’ she sobbed, ‘my fault …’</p><p class="calibre7">‘It’s no-one’s fault but the person who killed him,’ Harry told her forcefully. It was no use; his comments had opened the floodgates and heavy tears continued to roll down Fenella’s cheeks.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny opened her bag and reached for a handkerchief. When she did so, Harry realised that his sneakoscope was whirring loudly. Startled, he looked around, but saw nothing. He looked suspiciously at Fenella; she seemed to be genuinely upset and she certainly didn’t appear to be a threat.</p><p class="calibre7">George had turned on his heels and left the moment Fenella began to cry. He was now talking to Ron, Hermione and Luna who had just arrived in the garden. Ginny glanced up into Harry’s eyes and indicated that he should leave her to deal with the still weeping Fenella. Harry took another look and the Sneakoscope, but obeyed.</p><p class="calibre7">Strolling over to the Gryffindor group, Harry said hello to the only person whose name he could remember. Jack Sloper greeted him effusively and introduced him to the rest of Ginny’s year. Harry said hello to them all, but promptly forgot all the names, as he found himself being bombarded by questions.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Are you going out with Ginny again?’ a round-faced girl asked.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Yes,’ he confirmed happily.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Are you coming back to school next year?’ asked a second girl; a skinny, immaculately dressed blonde. She didn’t appear to be happy for him.</p><p class="calibre7">‘No,’ Harry answered.</p><p class="calibre7">‘So Ginny will likely be Quidditch Captain again?’ Jack Sloper enquired.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You played last year?’ Harry was incredulous.</p><p class="calibre7">‘We only managed the first match, Gryffindor versus Slytherin. We lost, not surprising given that Amycus Carrow was referee. But that one game was too much trouble for Snape and the Carrows to handle. I was back on the team, as keeper,’ Jack said proudly.</p><p class="calibre7">Sloper had been a very poor beater, Harry remembered, he wondered whether he’d been any good as a keeper.</p><p class="calibre7">The blonde girl, obviously wanting to change the subject away from Quidditch, asked, ‘Why is Ginny spending so much time with the Slytherin half-giant?’</p><p class="calibre7">In a flash Harry realised why (he desperately tried to remember the name) – Fenella – had been standing alone. Harry sought out the source of the question; the blonde was appraising him boldly. Part of him was shouting “Slytherin” but Colin had trusted her, and she had all but admitted providing her friend with equipment which had helped save dozens of Muggleborns. Colin’s contact had been “a well connected pureblood,” Justin, Hannah and Dennis had all agreed on that. A Slytherin seemed a logical suspect. Harry regarded the blonde girl coolly. Her attitude reminded him unpleasantly of Romilda Vane, he wasn’t impressed by her use of “half-giant” as an insult, either. He looked his questioner in the eyes.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Colin was friends with Fenella, and she’s made the effort to come here. Alone, I expect. Is she the only Slytherin here?’</p><p class="calibre7">One of the other girls nodded.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Well, that’s a brave thing for her to do,’ Harry continued. ‘If she’s Colin’s friend, then she’s welcome! If, as I suspect, she risked helping Colin when he was in hiding last year, she’s been loyal, too.’ He stared coolly at the questioner as he spoke.</p><p class="calibre7">The blonde, Harry was pleased to note, could not hold his gaze. Several other students were looking rather embarrassed, too. He wondered whether he was being unduly generous towards the Slytherin girl. Looking across to Fenella and Ginny, Harry saw that while he’d been talking they had been joined by Luna, whose night-teardrop earrings were swinging wildly as she tried to swat several invisible-somethings (wrackspurts, he expected) from around Fenella’s head. The arrival of Luna strengthened his resolve. Smiling at the memory of some of Luna’s more remarkable statements, he turned back to the Gryffindor students.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I learned to stop judging people by appearances a couple of years ago,’ he told them.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Lee!’ George shouted.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry turned and saw that George’s dreadlocked friend Lee Jordan had arrived. He was holding Alicia Spinnet’s hand, and was being followed by, Angelina Johnson, Katie Bell and her friend Leanne.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Excuse me,’ Harry told Ginny’s classmates. ‘There’s someone I need to speak to.’</p><p class="calibre7">He walked over to Katie and Leanne as Lee and George strode towards each other. Angelina hesitated, trying to decide whether to follow Lee and Alicia, or Katie and Leanne.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Leanne,’ Harry said, holding out a hand. ‘Welcome to the club.’</p><p class="calibre7">Leanne Cowper blushed.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Th-thanks,’ she stuttered. Katie looked embarrassed for her friend.</p><p class="calibre7">‘For goodness sake, Leanne,’ she sighed. ‘It’s only Harry.’</p><p class="calibre7">Harry grinned, ‘That’s me, nobody important, just one of Katie’s many Quidditch Captains.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘The most easy-going of them,’ said Katie.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Harry?’ Angelina Johnson asked, as she walked up behind Katie. ‘The most easy-going? What on earth are you talking about?’</p><p class="calibre7">Angelina’s hair was, as usual, tightly braided. She had dozens of black beads threaded onto the braids. Her hair clattered as she moved.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Nice hair,’ Harry said.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Don’t change the subject Harry,’ Angelina ordered, ‘I was your Quidditch Captain, remember? Now, what were you talking to Katie about?’</p><p class="calibre7">‘That <i class="calibre8">is</i> what they were talking about.’ Leanne explained, while Katie blushed.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You weren’t as bad as Oliver, Angelina,’ said Katie apologetically. ‘I’ve told him so.’</p><p class="calibre7">The tall black girl laughed and dismissed Katie’s embarrassment with a wave of her hand.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Why isn’t Oliver here?’ Angelina asked.</p><p class="calibre7">‘He isn’t DA, remember,’ reminded Katie. ‘Besides, he couldn’t face it. You do know that he was the one who found Colin—afterwards—don’t you know?’</p><p class="calibre7">Angelina frowned sadly and shook her head. ‘You look well, Harry,’ she observed, trying to change the subject. ‘Are you back with Ginny?’</p><p class="calibre7">Harry smiled and nodded.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Good,’ Angelina hugged him and kissed his cheek. Alicia, who had left Lee and George, smiled, stepped forwards, and did the same.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Thanks,’ Harry mumbled.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I’m not going to be left out,’ Katie said, she hugged and kissed Harry, too. She then looked meaningfully at Leanne, who took a hasty step backwards. Harry was beginning to get embarrassed, the Chasers were all grinning at him.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You look different, a lot less worried than you were.’ Angelina told him. ‘Not surprising, really.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Everything’s changed,’ he admitted, ‘though not all for the better.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Poor Colin. How is Dennis? And how is George?’ Angelina asked, blinking back tears.</p><p class="calibre7">‘They’re both as you’d expect,’ Harry frowned, he looked around.</p><p class="calibre7">George was still talking to Lee Jordan, who had an arm around his shoulder; the two young men were watching Harry and the four girls. Ginny and Luna, he noticed, had now joined the rest of their year group, taking Fenella with them. Ron and Hermione were standing apart from everyone; they weren’t even talking to each other.</p><p class="calibre7">‘George is missing Fred,’ Harry continued. ‘We all are.’</p><p class="calibre7">The four young women nodded sadly.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I haven’t seen George since the battle,’ said Angelina quietly. ‘How’s he been?’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Sometimes he forgets,’ Harry told her, ‘But not for long. He seems to be best when he’s got someone to tease. I don’t mind, though.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘What’s he been teasing you about?’ Katie asked curiously.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Me, mainly,’ Ginny said, slipping her hand into Harry’s. ‘You should go and speak to him, he needs company, friends.’</p><p class="calibre7">Standing next to Ginny, Harry again heard the whir of his sneakoscope. He looked around, wondering.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Not Fenella?’ he murmured.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny shook her head. ‘It got louder when I came over here,’ she whispered in his ear. Harry looked suspiciously at Leanne, but she’d arrived with the Chasers. She hadn’t been close when they’d been talking to Fenella.</p><p class="calibre7">‘It’s probably just the sheer number of kids here,’ considered Harry.</p><p class="calibre7">The three Chasers had gone into a huddle with Leanne, their arms around each other.</p><p class="calibre7">‘What’s going on?’ Harry murmured.</p><p class="calibre7">‘They’ll be talking about George,’ Ginny told him in an undertone. ‘Angelina went out with Fred for a while, until he lost interest. And Alicia went out with George, even though it was really Fred she fancied. But Alicia spent most of last year with Lee and it looks like they’re still together. It’s just girl-boy stuff.’</p><p class="calibre7">Harry didn’t really understand, but he nodded anyway. She squeezed his hand tightly.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You’ve still no idea about girls, have you?’ she teased.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I know who my girlfriend is,’ he whispered. ‘What else do I need to know?’</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny beamed; then nodded towards the kitchen door. Hannah Abbot, Susan Bones and Ernie MacMillan had arrived. Harry began to lead Ginny towards them, but she stopped, released his hand, and turned to the three Chasers and Leanne.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I’ll see you soon, Harry,’ she told him. ‘Come on girls, let’s go and cheer George up.’ She herded the four girls towards her brother.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry was discussing Magical Law Enforcement with an extremely earnest Susan, who seemed very keen to become an Auror, when the next group arrived. Terry Boot, Michael Corner, Anthony Goldstein and Cho Chang descended the steps from the kitchen together. The Ravenclaw men stood silently on the patio, looking at the crowds in the garden.</p><p class="calibre7">Cho smiled shyly and waved at Harry. She looked very pretty in a short black skirt and a smart black jacket. Her long hair glistened in the sun as she walked gracefully towards him. As Cho approached, Harry felt an arm slide around his waist; Ginny was back at his side. He looked down to greet her.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You’ve upset Tabitha,’ Ginny informed him.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Tabitha?’ Harry struggled to remember who Tabitha was.</p><p class="calibre7">‘The blonde, she didn’t expect the great Harry Potter to stick up for a Slytherin girl.’ Harry shrugged and then turned back to greet Cho. To his surprise she had stopped two or three yards away and was looking carefully at Harry and Ginny.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Oh, hi, Cho,’ said Ginny, as if she’d just noticed the other girl.</p><p class="calibre7">‘How are you?’ asked Harry.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I’m very well, how about you?’ Cho replied. She was speaking a little stiffly, Harry thought.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I’m …’ Harry had been going to say happy, but the word didn’t seem appropriate in the circumstances.</p><p class="calibre7">‘… lost for words again.’ Ginny finished the sentence for him.</p><p class="calibre7">‘He’s doing okay now, aren’t you Harry?’ Ginny told Cho, Harry nodded.</p><p class="calibre7">‘He’s had a rough time, we all have, but we’ll get through it together, won’t we?’ she continued, resting her head on Harry’s shoulder.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Are you two back together?’ Cho asked; Harry nodded again, wondering how many more times he’d be asked that question.</p><p class="calibre7">‘We never really split up,’ Ginny clarified forcefully.</p><p class="calibre7">Cho and Ginny were concentrating on each other, both smiling politely. In the uneasy silence Harry again heard the faint whir of his sneakoscope coming from Ginny’s handbag. He looked around. Fenella was now listening to Luna, whose animated arm waving was evidence that she was explaining something as only Luna could. They were halfway down the garden. It was not her; it couldn’t be the Hufflepuffs and it couldn’t be Cho; they had not been here when the sneakoscope first went off.</p><p class="calibre7">He looked around the garden; almost everyone was here. Neville and Dean Thomas had only just arrived. They were walking towards Harry; Dean was staring at Ginny, Neville was smiling. Then Harry saw something that made his insides turn to ice. His reaction was enough to make Ginny take her eyes from Cho. They had not stopped staring at each other, Harry realised, but the silence that suddenly fell across the garden made them stop and turn, like everyone else.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Lavender,’ Harry whispered.</p><p class="calibre7">Parvati Patil, standing out from her black clad friends because of the white sari she wore, stood at the bottom of the steps from the kitchen. At the top, sitting in a wheelchair and looking even paler than Hermione, was Lavender Brown. Behind Lavender stood Parvati’s twin, Padma, also in a white sari, along with Seamus Finnegan, and Justin Finch-Fletchley.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Some help would be appreciated,’ Parvati requested. Ginny immediately released Harry, who strode over to the steps, but Dean and Neville got there first. Harry remembered seeing Lavender fall in the battle a week ago. He’d checked, seen that she was in the hospital wing and known she wasn’t among the dead.</p><p class="calibre7">He’d assumed that she would recover, but he recalled the last time he’d seen her. The werewolf, Fenrir Greyback, had been attacking Lavender, and curse scars never heal fully, Bill Weasley was proof of that! </p><p class="calibre7">Ron! He looked round the garden, searching for his friend. Ron was white faced, staring at Lavender in shock. Hermione, standing next to Ron, was in tears.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry’s mind whirled; he must speak to Lavender, but someone should be checking up on Ron, too. Harry knew that it was a long time since Ron had harboured any feelings, other than embarrassment, about Lavender. Even so, it was obvious from Ron’s stance that seeing his ex-girlfriend like this had come as a shock. Harry willed Hermione to do something, but she simply stood there, weeping.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny caught Harry’s eye, she was white faced, but she looked straight at him, glanced at Ron and nodded. Realising that Ginny would do what was needed, he turned to help, but he was too late. Seamus and Justin at the top, Dean and Neville at the bottom were carefully lifting Lavender and her wheelchair, down the steps. They did not seem to be struggling as much as they should. Lavender, he realised, was partially levitating the chair.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Parvati,’ Harry hissed, she turned and looked at him rather coolly, then saw the shock and concern on his face.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I’m sorry, I didn’t know! I didn’t ask, but I should have, sorry. Will she recover?’ Harry whispered.</p><p class="calibre7">‘The healers aren’t sure,’ Parvati replied sadly. ‘They hope so, but it could take months. Or, she may be like this for the rest of her life. She was attacked by Greyback, clawed across the abdomen then thrown from the balcony. The wounds aren’t healing at all. She needs to take a blood replenishing potion every eight hours. She’s in constant agony, even with a painkiller potion, and when she tries to stand her wounds re-open. Sometimes she says that she wishes Greyback had finished her off. This morning she told me that she doesn’t know who stopped Greyback, but she curses them.</p><p class="calibre7">‘We tried to persuade her not to come,’ Parvati glanced at her twin when she spoke. ‘She should still be resting. But she insisted; she didn’t want to be the only true DA member missing, and you know what she’s like. When she decides that she wants something, she doesn’t stop until she gets it.’</p><p class="calibre7">Harry didn’t know, but he nodded anyway. He looked over Parvati’s shoulder; Lavender was now down on the patio. Seamus Finnegan was hunkered down alongside her.</p><p class="calibre7">‘… I’m sure we’ll have you dancing again soon,’ Seamus was saying.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Lavender,’ Harry interrupted, ‘Is there anything you need, anything I can do?’</p><p class="calibre7">As soon as he spoke he realised how pathetic, trite, he sounded.</p><p class="calibre7">‘A way to heal curse scars would be nice,’ Lavender grimaced. ‘And a better painkiller.’</p><p class="calibre7">Harry looked closely at the girl he’d dismissed as a giggler; as Ron’s pain-in-the-neck girlfriend. She’d joined the DA at the very the start, she had stuck with them last year and had, he remembered, been one of the first girls to join Neville in hiding. She had fought bravely at Hogwarts a week ago, too. It was as if he was suddenly seeing her for the first time.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry reached out and took her hands.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You’re a true Gryffindor, Lavender, one of the bravest. If I <i class="calibre8">can</i> do anything to help you, just ask.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Thanks, Harry,’ she smiled weakly. ‘But it’s the Healers I need help from, not you.’</p><p class="calibre7">The tap of heels on the patio and a faint waft of flowers on the breeze alerted Harry to the fact that Ginny was approaching. As he stood and turned his head to greet her, she suddenly looked serious.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Hi Lavender,’ she said, ‘I was going to ask how you were, but need to borrow Harry.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘He’s yours,’ Lavender replied with a feeble smile.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry was startled by the tone of Lavender’s words. There was something in the way Lavender had spoken. It was as if she was acknowledging Ginny’s ownership, rather than allowing her to interrupt a conversation.</p><p class="calibre7">Ginny pointed to her shoulder bag.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Are you absolutely certain that this thing working?’ she murmured.</p><p class="calibre7">He nodded, he could again hear the sneakoscope getting louder as she approached him, realisation hit him, it wasn’t Fenella, or Cho: it was when Ginny approached him. He looked at her, stepped forwards, hugged her and pressed is mouth to her ear.</p><p class="calibre7">‘It’s me, isn’t it?’ he whispered.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Yes,’ Ginny hissed.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I need you to create a diversion, do something to divert attention away from me,’ he whispered. Ginny didn’t hesitate, she roughly pushed him away, smacked him hard on the cheek, and ran sobbing towards an astonished Michael Corner.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Michael,’ she shouted loudly. ‘There’s something I’ve got to tell you about that creep Potter.’</p><p class="calibre7">Harry was so startled that he almost missed his opportunity. Regaining his wits, he reached into his jacket, and in one fluid motion drew his wand from his inside pocket.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Homenum revelio,’ he whispered.</p><p class="calibre7">‘There!’ he though triumphantly; the intruder was following Ginny!</p><p class="calibre7">As he looked he saw a movement in the air. That was when he realised that the interloper was not invisible. He squinted, and managed to focus on his target. He thrust out his wand, silently casting a full body bind curse. The spell shot across the garden, apparently halting in mid-air. He lowered his wand, keeping it trained on a small area of grass.</p><p class="calibre7">Wands were appearing everywhere; subdued conversations were suddenly transformed into confused shouts. One of the girls from Ginny’s year screamed.</p><p class="calibre7">Cries of:</p><p class="calibre7">‘What happened to no magic?’</p><p class="calibre7">‘What’s going on?’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Harry!’</p><p class="calibre7">And ‘Bloody Hell!’ rang out across the garden.</p><p class="calibre7">Most of the DA remained silent, alert, watching Harry. Ginny had pulled her wand from somewhere and taken the sneakoscope from her bag. She turned back; ignoring Michael’s confused shouts and sprinted towards Harry, holding the sneakoscope high.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Quiet,’ Harry ordered; the shouts stopped abruptly. The only noise was the whining of the sneakoscope, getting louder.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Invisible?’ asked Ginny.</p><p class="calibre7">At that one word, the drawn wands, some of which, Harry realised ruefully, had been pointed at him <i class="calibre8">had they really thought that he was going to hex Ginny?</i> moved to point at the apparently empty patch of grass; to the same spot as Harry’s wand.</p><p class="calibre7">‘No,’ Harry replied. He took two steps forwards, looking carefully down onto the lawn.</p><p class="calibre7">‘That hurt,’ he told Ginny, ruefully rubbing his cheek.</p><p class="calibre7">‘You wanted a diversion,’ Ginny replied loudly enough for everyone to hear. ‘You got one.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Someone go and keep the Muggles in the house,’ Harry ordered. He heard movement from behind, but did not bother to turn. He knew that someone had obeyed, that was enough. Ginny kissed his cheek where she’d slapped him.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Where?’ she asked, Harry jabbed his wand forwards pointing to a small patch of grass, at first glance no different to any other part of the lawn.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Hermione,’ Harry called; he was going to need her now, he realised.</p><p class="calibre7">‘When we met Padfoot and Moony in the Shrieking Shack, they used a spell on Scabbers. I hope that you researched it.’</p><p class="calibre7">‘Of-of course,’ Hermione stuttered. Harry was worried. He needed the real Hermione, the Hermione who knew everything; not the nervous, feeble and often weeping girl who’d returned from Australia.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Come here,’ he ordered. ‘Can you cast it?’</p><p class="calibre7">‘I-I think so,’ she stammered as she approached slowly.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Now, Hermione! HERE! I need you NOW!’ Harry was being hard on her, he knew, and Ron was going to defend her any second. Sure enough, he heard a sharp intake of breath from his best friend.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Quiet Ron, I need Hermione,’ Harry pleaded. </p><p class="calibre7">‘But…’ Ron started.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Shut up, Ron,’ hissed Ginny; then Hermione was by Harry’s side.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Look,’ insisted Harry, continuing to point with his wand, he was focussing on a tiny area.</p><p class="calibre7">‘At what?’ Hermione asked, confused.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry took a step forwards and crouched down, bringing his wand closer and closer to the ground. Hermione followed the movement, followed Harry’s gaze. Then, bending lower she finally saw—</p><p class="calibre7">‘Sneaky cow!’ she shrilled. She stood quickly, her jaw set, and waved her wand. A flash of blue-white light shot from the wand and into the grass; except it didn’t hit the grass, not quite.</p><p class="calibre7">Harry had to step quickly back when a rapidly enlarging beetle erupted from the grass in front of him. As it grew two of the beetle legs shrank back into the changing body, the other four transformed into arms and legs. Finally, still held motionless by Harry’s full body bind curse, a familiar and unwelcome shape appeared.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Bloody hell; it’s Rita Skeeter!’ swore Ron.</p><p class="calibre7">‘I’d like you to teach me that spell sometime, Hermione,’ said Harry. ‘Very useful, thanks.’</p><p class="calibre7">Dumbledores Army stepped forwards, surrounding the restrained reporter.</p><p class="calibre7">‘Well done, Harry,’ Ginny whispered.</p>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_20"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_002.xhtml">Sepulchral Mist</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_003.xhtml">Emotions Exhumed</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_004.xhtml">Morbid Thoughts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_005.xhtml">Love Unveiled</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_006.xhtml">A Pall over The Burrow</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_007.xhtml">Under a Shroud</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_008.xhtml">Family Plots</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_009.xhtml">Morning before Mourning</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_010.xhtml">Death Watch?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_011.xhtml">Deadlines</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_012.xhtml">The Corpse in the Cemetery</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_013.xhtml">Funereal Progress</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_014.xhtml">Inhumations</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_015.xhtml">Committals</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_016.xhtml">Postscripts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_017.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_009.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_011.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
