<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Grave Days - Northumbrian - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Grave Days
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Northumbrian

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_012.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Grave%20Days_split_014.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_14">Funereal Progress</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  <p class="calibre7">
  <b class="calibre2">12: Funereal Progress</b>
</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry had no time to think.</p>
<p class="calibre7">A dark suited undertaker stepped into the Creeveys’ garden. The man called out Harry’s name and the names of the other pall-bearers. When Harry identified himself he was politely but firmly separated from Ginny and ushered through the house and into the street. Ten cars were parked along the road outside the Creeveys’ house. Harry and his fellow pall-bearers were escorted to the car directly behind the hearse, where they joined the Creeveys. Colin’s brother and his parents sat in the back seats; Harry sat alongside Justin Finch-Fletchley and Jack Sloper, in the central row of seats. The three young men sat in silence, listening to Mrs Creevey weeping. Mr Creevey and Dennis, stifling sobs, attempted to comfort her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Although the other cars were being efficiently filled it was a few minutes before the cortege moved off down the narrow street and onto the main road, following the hearse in a slow procession. Harry tried to push his feelings aside as he struggled to find words. As Ginny had reminded him, he’d need to say something when he put the galleon onto the gravestone. <i class="calibre8">But what could he say? Why hadn’t he thought about this earlier? Why had he said yes to Luna? She was so much better at this sort of thing than he was.</i> Fretting over the duties he had to perform, he fervently wished that Ginny was sitting next to him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">As they drove through the quiet streets people stopped and respectfully watched the procession pass. The cars passed slowly through a small marketplace. A war memorial and an old stone building stood at its centre. A white plastic sign, looking out of place on the weathered stone, identified the building as a “Public Library”. The buildings along the route through the centre of the village were all stone built and slate roofed. The Creeveys’ home, the long-gardened brick-built Victorian terraced property they had just left, was modern in comparison.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The cortege left the marketplace and, after a few hundred yards, turned right up a very narrow lane. An old stone terrace stood on one side of the street; the small front gardens of these houses were a riot of colour. High stone walls lined the other side of the street. The cars stopped. They stretched almost the entire length of the lane, completely blocking it. The journey had taken little more than five minutes.</p>
<p class="calibre7">A small lichgate of weathered black oak stood at the end of the lane. Its oak shingle roof was green with moss and lichen. The Rector, his curate and the verger stood attentively on one side of the gate; on the other stood Kingsley Shacklebolt and Professor McGonagall. The Minister wore a smart Muggle suit; the Headmistress wore an extremely old-fashioned high collared black dress. Just inside the gate were over two dozen soberly dressed Muggles, several were youths of Colin’s age.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The weathered grey stone church stood some sixty feet beyond the gate. The graveyard, the location of the recent combat, was out of sight, it lay on the other side of the church, overlooking the fields and hills.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The funeral director opened the car doors and discretely took charge. Harry soon found himself standing behind Dennis Creevey, and alongside Jack Sloper, shouldering the weight of the coffin. Jack, Justin and Harry were all about the same height, the coffin rested easily on their shoulders. Dennis supported his corner of the load with an upstretched arm. An undertaker stood in front, another behind and two more were alongside. Harry was astonished at how light his burden was.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The combination of fierce concentration on the job he had to do, and worry about the speech he would have to make, completely unprepared, meant that for Harry the service itself was over quickly. He paid little attention to the Rector’s words; though from those few he caught, it seemed that the man must have known Colin.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Little Colin, who’d survived a basilisk attack in his first year, was dead; gone. Harry would never again hear him call “All right, Harry?” He would never again be pestered by his constant questions and camera flashes. Guilt overwhelmed him. What had he done to deserve such loyalty from Colin, or from anyone in the DA? Harry was in tears as he stood next to the open grave with the other pall-bearers, watching the coffin being lowered into the ground. As he stepped away from the graveside to rejoin the mourners he felt Ginny’s hand slip into his own. Her presence calmed and relaxed him. He wiped his eyes, hearing only snatches of Professor McGonagall’s words of praise for Colin. He was vaguely aware of Mrs Creevey, and many others, weeping around him. Professor McGonagall was having difficulty in finishing her speech.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I understand that one of the students would also like to say a few words,’ Professor McGonagall announced as she concluded her remembrance. ‘Mr Potter.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry roused himself from his thoughts with a start. Ginny squeezed his hand tightly then released him. He stepped forwards and walked up to stand alongside the Rector, into the space vacated by Minerva McGonagall.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Just take your time, lad,’ the Rector murmured. ‘If you want to stop, that’s fine. I can take over for you.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry smiled gratefully at the middle-aged Muggle before turning to face the mourners.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Colin Creevey was in the year below me,’ he began. ‘I have been trying to think of a way to describe him. I’ve only now realised that one word describes Colin; <i class="calibre8">enthusiastic</i>. Colin, it seemed to me, was enthusiastic about almost everything: sport, photography, his school lessons, and his friends. Colin was prepared to try anything, prepared to help anyone. He was our housemate, our classmate, our friend.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Almost three years ago, a group of students formed a …’ Harry hesitated, ‘… a study group. We thought that we needed extra tutoring in one subject, so we met regularly to help each other learn.’ Dumbledore’s Army and Professor McGonagall smiled sorrowfully at Harry’s carefully chosen words.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Colin, and his brother Dennis, were among the youngest of us.’ Harry continued. He paused; he’d lost his train of thought. The Rector looked across silently asking if Harry wanted him to intervene. Harry shook his head and tried to marshal his thoughts.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We are here to salute brave, enthusiastic Colin; who always wanted to help others; who always tried to help others; who gave his life to help others. He wanted to make the world a better place, but he isn’t here to enjoy it with us. We can never repay our debt to him.’ Harry reached into his pocket and pulled out his carefully folded handkerchief.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘One of our group, Hermione,’ out of the corner of his eye Harry saw her start at his mention of her name, ‘made us tokens, membership medals she’d created herself.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Colin’s is here,’ Harry raised his handkerchief and stepped forward to the gravestone. There was a neat, galleon-sized indentation in it. <i class="calibre8">Thank you, Luna,</i> he thought, suddenly realising what she’d been doing at the graveside after the combat. He pulled the galleon from the handkerchief and Colin’s picture burst out.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Our friend Luna, a remarkable source of wisdom,’ it was Luna’s turn to looked surprised, whether at his mention of her name, or his description of her, Harry was unsure, ‘suggested that Colin’s stay with him, stay here.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Keeping one hand in his jacket, holding his wand, he bent forwards and carefully pushed the galleon into the hole. He tried to discreetly cast a permanent sticking charm on it. There was a murmur from many of the DA members, and the hairs on his hand and arm stood up as he did so. It seemed to Harry that every witch and wizard in the cemetery was also surreptitiously casting the charm.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Goodbye, Colin,’ Harry said; his voice catching in his throat. He stepped back, away from the graveside. Ginny stepped forwards and touched the galleon.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’ll miss you, Colin,’ she said. She then stepped back and took Harry’s hand.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You were brilliant,’ she whispered, hugging him tearfully.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Behind her, one after another, every member of Dumbledore’s Army stepped forwards to touch the golden galleon. Lavender, who could not reach the galleon from her wheelchair, was lifted out of it by Seamus and Dean and gently carried to the gravestone.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Luna finally stepped up, touched the galleon and spoke loudly and clearly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You were a very nice boy, Colin. You never teased me and you always tried to help.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">As if by agreement, Colin’s year group waited until Luna, the last member of the DA, had finished before following. The last of the students was a distraught Fenella Gray, who left the graveside sobbing uncontrollably. Fenella was being supported by Jack Sloper and the round-faced girl. When this final personal act of remembrance was over, the Rector brought the service to a close and began moving among the grieving relatives. He went first to speak to Mr and Mrs Creevey. Harry, hand in hand with Ginny, looked around the graveyard, silently watching the mourners, taking in the scene.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Mr Potter, Miss Weasley,’ a clipped voice rang out; Professor McGonagall strode towards them, wiping her eyes. ‘Well done Mr Potter, very well done.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m glad to see that you have begun to embrace life again,’ she continued, smiling thoughtfully at them.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Thank you, Professor,’ Harry mumbled.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Thanks Professor,’ Ginny smiled sadly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I have already apologised to Mr and Mrs Creevey and made my farewells,’ the Professor continued. ‘I will not be attending the supper. I really must be getting back to Hogwarts. There is so much to be done if we are to re-open on the first of September. I will, of course, see you at tomorrow’s funerals. Look after yourselves.’ She gave them a polite nod, turned, and strode away from the graveside.</p>
<p class="calibre7">As Harry watched Professor McGonagall leave he noticed a photographer standing next to the church. Thinking back to their arrival he realised that the photographer had been there, too. Harry sought out someone to ask. Mr and Mrs Creevey and Dennis were surrounded by relatives. Dennis was crying unashamedly. He was being consoled by an elderly couple. Through his tears Dennis saw them and beckoned them over. Before Harry could ask about the photographer, Dennis spoke.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘This is my Nan and Granddad Creevey, Harry,’ he sniffed. The elderly man was short, stooped, and weather-beaten, his wife was thin and bird-like. They each shook Harry’s hand.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You spoke well, lad,’ the old man said. ‘Were you a good friend of Colin’s?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Not as good as I should have been,’ Harry admitted sadly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Colin was in my year, not Harry’s,’ Ginny told Dennis’s grandparents. She began telling them her memories, stories about Colin that Harry had never heard. She was a much better talker than he was. Grateful for her presence, Harry listened to her in admiration.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It looks like we’re going to the Hall,’ Dennis observed. Harry followed Dennis’ gaze. Everyone was gathering outside the church, preparing to leave. Harry and Ginny joined the throng and found themselves behind Colin’s grandparents, parents and Dennis walking down the narrow path to the lichgate. Harry looked at it with interest. The path was narrow, uneven and flanked by dozens of ancient, lichen covered and weathered gravestones. Many dated back to the seventeenth century.</p>
<p class="calibre7">He had no recollection of walking this route, carrying Colin to his grave. He had been distracted, grieving, concentrating; they all had. If they hadn’t found and defeated the four Death Eaters, several people, dozens possibly, could have been killed, and the Death Eaters could have Apparated away. He shuddered at the thought.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry realised that he’d arrived at his destination when Ginny pulled him to a halt outside an old stone public hall; Wolsingham Church Masonic Hall, according to the sign above the door.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What are you worrying about now, Harry?’ Ginny whispered as they climbed the steps into the hall.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘The ambush,’ Harry replied. ‘A Death Eater attack in that cemetery would have been devastating if it had succeeded.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘But it didn’t, because of you.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Because of the DA,’ Harry corrected.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Who knew exactly what to do, because of you,’ Ginny told him forcefully. Harry smiled at her; she was determined to give him the credit, although everyone else had fought bravely, too. He ushered her up two steps to the door to the hall.</p>
<p class="calibre7">They entered a small foyer, from which open double doors led into a large hall. Inside were several tables laden with an impressive cold buffet. There were thick cut home-cured hams, slices of cold roast beef, pies, pickles, chutneys and salads. At the far end of the hall was a large hatch through to a kitchen. Two matronly ladies were pouring cups of tea and setting them on trays.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Mr Creevey stepped forwards to stand next to the hatch. He looked nervous. As the room filled the murmurs of conversation subsided, there was an expectant silence.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘My wife, Dennis, and I,’ Mr Creevey began. ‘We would like to thank you all for coming. For paying your respects …’ He stopped, weeping, unable to continue. Dennis stepped alongside his father and put an arm around his shoulder.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘… for paying your respects to Colin, my brother. There’s food and drinks, please help yourselves and remember Colin,’ Dennis took over from his father. ‘Remember my not very big brother.’ He smiled tearfully.</p>
<p class="calibre7">An embarrassed and disorderly queue formed for tea. It seemed that no one wanted to be first. A low, nervous mutter of conversation rose and filled the hall.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Shall we get some food?’ Ginny asked.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You go, I want to ask Dennis something,’ Harry told her, noticing that Colin’s brother was standing alone and hurrying over to speak to him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I was surprised to see a photographer at the funeral, Dennis,’ observed Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It was someone from the Weardale Mercury,’ Dennis explained. ‘It’s our local paper. It was news when Colin went to … got his scholarship … and when I got mine. Everyone here just goes to Wolsingham Secondary. The paper phoned and asked. Mam and Dad said it would be okay. We wanted people to remember Colin. That’s all right, isn’t it?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It’s fine, Dennis,’ nodded Harry, his concern’s assuaged. He had no problems with the Muggle press.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny’s got some food for you,’ Dennis nodded towards Ginny, who was now standing with Fenella and Luna. She had collected two plates of ham, beef, green salad, potato salad, pickles and some buttered baps. Harry excused himself and went to join them. After thanking Ginny, and taking a bite of ham, Harry turned to Fenella.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What we talked about … before,’ he said to the Slytherin girl. ‘The photographic equipment you got for Colin, can I tell people, or do you want it kept quiet?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Who … who would you tell?’ stuttered Fenella. She was slouching again, trying to be smaller than him. Luna listened to the conversation curiously, staring at both Harry and Fenella.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘The DA, and Kingsley,’ Harry told her. ‘If I ask them to say nothing to anyone else, it will remain a secret, I guarantee it.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ginny’s small, you’re not,’ Luna interrupted. ‘You should stand up straight and be happy with who you are. You’re really quite striking, you know.’ Fenella slumped even further at Luna’s observation, her mouth opened and closed, but no sound came out. There was the usual embarrassed silence which followed one of Luna’s more personal and pertinent observations.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry took pity on the Slytherin girl. He smiled apologetically. ‘You should always listen to Luna, but, you haven’t answered my question. Can I tell people? Most of the DA will want to thank you.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘My … my father will … will kill me if he finds out,’ Fenella stammered as she slowly straightened her body and knees. She wasn’t as tall as Ron, or Terry, not quite.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I doubt it,’ Ginny said, ‘having a family member who helped defeat Voldemort…’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Tom Riddle,’ Harry interrupted. Fenella had blanched at Ginny’s casual mention of the name.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘… defeat Tom Riddle,’ Ginny continued shrugging off Harry’s interruption, ‘will probably be enough to keep at least one Death Eater, Draco Malfoy, out of Azkaban.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘My father was not a Death Eater …’ Fenella began softly, her voice little more than a whisper, ‘… he worked for the Chief Secretary to the Minister, Madam Umbridge. A few weeks before term started he told me about her plans for a Muggleborn Registration Commission, her plan to round up Muggleborns and confiscate their wands. It was … wrong. I knew it was! Colin was my friend; we were both in the Hogwarts camera club. All I did was send an owl to warn him. He contacted me later, during term time, and asked for my help. I bought developing potions and sent them to him. At Christmas I…’ her already quiet voice dropped in volume so much that Harry had to strain his ears to hear her, ‘… borrowed some official Ministry stationary from my father and sent it to Colin. I’m not brave like you, Mr Potter, I just tried to help my friend from the camera club, and now he’s dead.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You saved lives by helping Colin,’ Harry told her. ‘People should know; his friends and family should know.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Tell them,’ Fenella agreed, suddenly determined. She stood up straight and tall. Luna was right, Harry realised; while she wasn’t beautiful, when she straightened her back, Fenella Gray was not as frumpy and fearful as he’d first thought.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry and Ginny left Fenella with Luna and sought out Justin. The four Hufflepuffs were standing together, so Harry told them all. Hannah and Justin immediately walked over to thank Fenella. Both hugged her, to the girl’s obvious embarrassment.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Let the others know,’ Harry asked Ernie and Susan, ‘We’ll tell Kingsley.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">They found the Minister talking to Mr and Mrs Creevey. Harry waited politely at one side; he did not want to interrupt.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Fenella’s got lots of friends now,’ Ginny observed. Sure enough, several members of the DA were surrounding the tall Slytherin girl, including a smiling Leanne Cowper.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Did you want to speak to me, Harry?’ Kingsley asked. Harry nodded, and passed the information on to Kingsley and the Creeveys, too.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘That explains the sudden popularity of Abraxus Grey’s daughter,’ Kingsley said. ‘He’s currently under investigation for his involvement in the Muggleborn Registration Commission. I wonder if she could convince him to co-operate with us. A lot of the files appear to have gone missing from the Commission’s offices.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’ll ask her,’ Ginny volunteered.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Later,’ suggested Kingsley. ‘I have some news for you, too, Harry.’ He led Harry and Ginny away from the Creeveys and lowered his voice, ‘Miss Skeeter has already told us to whom she sent a copy of the funeral information. I ordered Robards to organise a raid. It should be happening as we speak.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Now?’ Harry was disappointed.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘’You can’t do everything yourself, Harry,’ advised Kingsley. Ginny nodded in agreement.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘And you don’t have to, Harry, not any longer,’ she added.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The noise level in the hall was slowly rising. People were splitting up into groups, talking, gossiping and catching up on news. Harry and Ginny left the Minister. Hand in hand they walked around the room trying to talk to everyone. They had just left Terry Boot and Susan Bones, both of whom had said that they were very interested in a career in the Auror office, when Katie Bell approached them. She was being watched by Lee and Alicia. All three looked nervous. Alicia was holding Lee’s hand.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Leanne and I have set up a charity,’ Katie began, ‘the Society for the Assistance of Muggleborns. I’m asking everyone in the DA for a donation. I was going to ask you too, Harry, until I heard what you said to Skeeter. The amount you asked her for, five thousand Galleons, was donated anonymously on Monday.’ Katie watched Harry carefully, so did Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Presumably the donor didn’t want anyone to know who he was,’ said Harry. Carefully not looking at either girl but concentrating his gaze at a large black nail in the wooden floorboards.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘He?’ said Ginny, her lips twitching into the briefest of smiles. ‘It was <i class="calibre8">you</i>, wasn’t it?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry looked at her nervously, glanced around the room, and nodded. ‘Don’t tell anyone,’ he begged.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You’re crazy, Harry,’ Katie said. ‘But thank you,’ she kissed his cheek. ‘That one donation more than doubled our funds; I don’t suppose you would like to be our patron?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry was stunned at the suggestion; confused, he looked at Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It would help you a lot, wouldn’t it?’ Ginny asked Katie.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Definitely,’ Katie replied. ‘It would raise our income from donations if we could just put your name on our letters, Harry.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I don’t want to make lots of personal appearances and stuff,’ he mumbled, ‘Okay?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Katie hugged him and kissed him again.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Three kisses in one day,’ noted Ginny acidly. Katie began to apologise; then saw the mischief in Ginny’s eyes. She looked nervously at Harry, took a deep breath and asked:</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What you told Skeeter … the interview, would you do that, too?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’d rather it was someone other than Rita Skeeter,’ Harry admitted. ‘But I meant what I said.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘What about being interviewed by Lee?’ Katie asked, motioning for Lee and Alicia to approach.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I, er, don’t suppose you heard of a pirate wireless programme called PotterWatch, Harry,’ Lee began.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I only managed to hear it once,’ Harry told him. ‘You did a good job, Lee.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Alicia did it really, she’s the technical expert. I just talk, a lot,’ said Lee self depreciatingly. ‘We’ve been offered work by the Wizarding Wireless Network. I’m getting my own show next month. I’d like my first show to be the last PotterWatch, too. If I can persuade the network to pay Katie’s charity the money you asked for, would you let me interview you?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry looked at the hopeful faces surrounding him. The thought of a radio interview terrified him. But Katie would get another large donation, and Lee would be able to start his broadcast career in style. At his side, Ginny was nodding enthusiastically. He was trapped, but he didn’t really mind.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Okay,’ he sighed. ‘Just let me know when.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">It looked like Lee and Katie were about to whoop with joy.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’re at a funeral,’ Alicia hissed, Lee smiled and hugged her.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘She keeps me straight. Every bloke needs someone like that,’ he said.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Not Harry,’ corrected Ginny, grinning. ‘He needs someone to lead him astray.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry quickly agreed details of the interview with Lee. When they had finished, Ginny nodded towards a quiet corner of the room. Ron and Hermione were the only ones there; it was obvious from their stance that they were arguing.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’d better go,’ Ginny said. She grabbed Harry’s hand and they approached Ron and Hermione in trepidation.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I promised them, no magic …’ Hermione was hissing when they approached. She glared at Ron and then at Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Hermione, I want to help,’ Harry began.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We want to help,’ corrected Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You don’t understand, Harry,’ Hermione sobbed. ‘My parents hate me for what I did.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m sure they don’t,’ said Ginny reasonably. ‘They may be disappointed in you, angry even, but they’re your parents, they love you anyway. Mum and Dad never stopped loving Perce.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Amazing really, seeing that he’s such a prat,’ observed Ron. ‘He...’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ron’s sister gave him what Harry thought of as her “Molly” glare. Ron immediately shut up.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I can understand why they’re upset,’ said Harry. ‘What you did was wrong, wasn’t it? You know that now.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Hermione, her pale face now red and blotchy from crying, nodded sadly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I don’t see the problem,’ Ron grumbled. ‘It’s not like she Imperiused them, is it?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It is, Ron, that’s exactly the point,’ explained Harry. ‘The Imperious curse forces people to do something that they would not normally do. What Hermione did…’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ron was thunderstruck, ‘… forced her Mum and Dad to do something they didn’t want to do,’ he finished Harry’s sentence for him. Ron looked compassionately at his girlfriend; she threw herself into his arms.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I never thought of it that way before. Neither did you; did you Hermione? At least, not until after we’d found your parents,’ said Ron worriedly.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘They’re right, I brainwashed them,’ she sobbed into Ron’s chest.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘We’ll help, Hermione,’ Harry promised.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘How?’ she cried, ‘what can you do? This is a family problem, you can’t interfere.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You’re right, it is a family problem,’ Harry told her. ‘But we’re your family, too. So are Mr and Mrs Weasley, we need to talk to them.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘But…’ Hermione began</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Harry’s right,’ interrupted Ron, ‘Mum and Dad will help, after tomorrow.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘And after tomorrow,’ Ginny added, hugging her friend, ‘Mum will want to keep busy. We’ll talk to them tomorrow night, okay?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘But…’ Hermione tried again.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘They’re your family, too, Hermione,’ Ron told her. ‘Mum and Dad will help, I’m sure that they will.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">They were still formulating their plans at seven o’clock, when a bus arrived to take Colin’s classmates back up the dale; to the barn where Portkeys had been provided to take them home. Kingsley had been gone for over an hour but Harry knew, because he’d checked with the Minister before he’d left, that there were still at least six Aurors guarding the hall.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry made a point of saying goodbye to Fenella Gray as she left for the bus. He and Ginny both asked her, as he was certain that Kingsley had already done, to try to persuade her father to help the enquiry into the Muggleborn Registration Committee. Stuttering and apologising, Fenella mumbled a promise to do her best.</p>
<p class="calibre7">After watching the bus drive off, Dumbledore’s Army, too, prepared to leave. Harry, Ginny, Ron and Hermione watched their friends leave in twos and threes. Most walked up the lane and through the churchyard to find a secluded spot from which to Apparate.</p>
<p class="calibre7">The Hufflepuffs were the first to leave. They all left together, Hannah and Justin hand in hand. The majority of the Ravenclaws, all but Luna, followed. Cho ignored Ginny’s glare and gave Harry a goodbye kiss on his cheek.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You take care of yourself, Harry,’ Cho told him, brushing away a tear. ‘I’ll see you all again tomorrow morning. Your brother’s funeral is at ten, isn’t it?’ she asked Ron. When he nodded his confirmation she leaned forwards and kissed his cheek, too. ‘I’m so sorry for your loss, Ron, Ginny,’ she pulled out a handkerchief.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘See you tomorrow,’ said Michael.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Anthony, too, said his goodbyes and they both escorted Cho from the hall.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’ll see you all at the funeral, too,’ said Terry Boot, who had waited until last. He paused thoughtfully, and continued. ‘Minister Shacklebolt has asked Susan and me to come in to meet Mr Robards in a week’s time. We could be joining you in Auror training soon, Harry. Let’s make sure that we stop anything like this ever happening again.’ He shook Harry’s hand firmly, then went along the line and—rather formally—shook Ron’s, Ginny’s and Hermione’s. As Terry followed his fellow Ravenclaws out into the street Harry realised that the speech was the longest he’d ever heard the burly Ravenclaw make.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I want to be an Auror, too,’ Lavender Brown announced as she followed Terry towards the door. ‘But no-one has even asked me, for some reason.’ She glared at Harry. Seamus Finnegan, who was pushing her wheelchair looked at her in disbelief.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘You can’t,’ he told her. ‘Not until you’re better.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Don’t you dare tell me what I can or can’t do, Seamus Finnegan,’ Lavender snapped. ‘Terry’s right, we need to make sure this doesn’t happen again. He used a week’s worth of his supply of words to tell you that! I’m going to join the Auror office, or die trying. We’ll see you all tomorrow, bye.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">With that, Lavender left, pushed out by Seamus. They were followed by the Patil twins who had silently exchanged horrified glances at their friend’s outburst.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Scary, isn’t she,’ Ron muttered as they watched them leave. ‘Still, she’ll never be an Auror, I’m safe.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I wouldn’t bet on it,’ observed Hermione.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Neither would I,’ Ginny agreed. ‘She’s a steel fist in a frilly pink lace glove, that one. Isn’t she, Hermione?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Hermione smiled, the first real smile Harry had seen since she had returned from Australia, and agreed with Ginny.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ron’s face fell. ‘The last thing I want is to end up working with <i class="calibre8">her</i>,’ he admitted. ‘Still, she might never get better.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Ron!’ Hermione was outraged. ‘Are you really hoping that she’ll be in a wheelchair for the rest of her life?’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Ron’s face fell, ‘No, not really.’ His horrified expression showed that he was genuinely ashamed of himself. ‘I just feel awkward whenever she’s around. If she did get into the Auror office I don’t think that I could work with her,’ he warned Harry.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Harry and his friends then took their turn to bid farewell to the Creeveys.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘I’m coming to collect Dennis, tomorrow,’ George announced. He’d been standing talking to the Creeveys for some time. ‘I’m going to take him to Fred’s funeral. Take care of yourself, shrimp,’ he told Colin’s brother. ‘Remember, don’t do anything stupid. Be sensible, like me.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Dennis managed a feeble smile in reply, ‘Good advice, George,’ he sniffed. ‘Make sure that you follow it, too.’ They both burst into tears and hugged each other tightly. Harry found himself overcome once again. He and his friends bade the Creeveys a tearful farewell. They followed Luna and Dean who were hand in hand. They all walked out from the hall and back up into the churchyard.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Safely out of sight from the Muggles, Dean released Luna’s hand, whispered goodbye, and leant forwards meaningfully. His attempt to kiss her failed. She appeared not to realise what he intended, waved to Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys shouted, ‘Bye, everyone,’ and Disapparated, leaving Dean stumbling forwards. George burst into howls of laughter.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘Just grab her by the shoulders and plant one on her,’ George advised a discomfited and embarrassed Dean, ‘That’s what I did, yesterday.’</p>
<p class="calibre7">Dean looked at George in a mix of jealousy and horror. George took pity on him.</p>
<p class="calibre7">‘It didn’t work though; she still wouldn’t give me that potion recipe. C’mon kids, lets get back home.’</p>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_26"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../0799v-hoosu.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_002.xhtml">Sepulchral Mist</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_003.xhtml">Emotions Exhumed</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_004.xhtml">Morbid Thoughts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_005.xhtml">Love Unveiled</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_006.xhtml">A Pall over The Burrow</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_007.xhtml">Under a Shroud</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_008.xhtml">Family Plots</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_009.xhtml">Morning before Mourning</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_010.xhtml">Death Watch?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_011.xhtml">Deadlines</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_012.xhtml">The Corpse in the Cemetery</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_013.xhtml">Funereal Progress</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_014.xhtml">Inhumations</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_015.xhtml">Committals</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_016.xhtml">Postscripts</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Grave Days_split_017.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_012.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../0799v-hoosu.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Grave%20Days_split_014.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
