<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Chapter 2</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Magical Maladies
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    somethingwicked

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="chap_1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="chap_3.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
    <h2 class="calibre5">Chapter 2</h2>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <div class="calibre8">
      <div class="calibre8">Author's Notes:</div>
      <div class="calibre8">Second chapter….hope you enjoy it. </div>
    </div>
    <p class="calibre2">Thursday, August 8</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Dear Diary,</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Today I got up around ten in the morning and was contemplating what I was going to do with the rest of my life with a broken ankle. Let me tell you, the prospects did not look good. I guess I could get one of those cast things and use the crutchy or crutching or whatever those muggles use. I would look ridiculous though. Anyway, back to this morning, so I was lying on my bed when someone knocked gently on the door. I knew it wasn’t Hermione because she usually barges right in, my brothers usually bang on the door with their fists as if I was deaf, and mum and dad both call my name and then open the door, so I guessed it was Harry. Anyway, it did turn out to be Harry coming to apologize. Yes, apologize. It was the cutest thing ever. He walked in, both hands stuck deep into his pockets, looking down at the floor. He looked just like a little boy who did something wrong and is afraid to tell his mother. So he walked in and leaned on my closet, looking unsure whether or not to sit on my bed. I told him to come sit next me, and he sat at the edge of my bed, careful not to touch my ankle.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Hey Gin-,” Isn’t that the cutest nickname ever? I almost melted on the spot when he called me that. “I just wanted to apologize for breaking your ankle or whatever, because technically it is my fault because you know it wouldn’t have been a love bone if you didn’t hit into someone from the opposite gender, who would be me, and I’m sorry.” At this point, I think Harry actually blushed. Weird. I thought I was the one who usually blushes.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry! Don’t apologize! It was that blasted rug and my own clumsiness that made me fall! You just happened to be there. Actually, I’m the one who should be apologizing for hitting into you. I really am sorry for that; I know I’m not exactly the lightest thing.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Harry chuckled at that. “Don’t worry; you didn’t hurt me a bit. You actually are pretty light.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I giggled. “Well excuse me, mister macho man, I thought I hurt you.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He laughed again, and we continued talking for a little bit after that. I didn’t realize how easy it is to talk to him. Besides being insanely handsome, he actually has a pretty good personality. After a while, Mum called up to Harry to tell him it was time for breakfast.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Do you want me to carry you downstairs or do you want me to bring you something up? I broke your ankle, so I’ll be your slave,” he said jokingly. Hmm, he’ll be my slave, huh?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I laughed. “So you’re my slave? Ok then, carry me down the stairs, place me on the couch, come back and clean my room, then wash the dishes, scrub the floors, and then after that maybe I’ll give you a break,” I said laughingly.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ok then, your wish, my command.” And he actually leaned down and picked me up!</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry! I was joking! Mum is going to bring me something right now! Put me down!” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Nope. I’m taking you downstairs.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry!”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He didn’t even bother looking down this time. What could I do but lay back in his arms?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He took me down stairs and laid me down on the sofa. Then he actually walked into the kitchen, got me a tray loaded with eggs, pancakes, and coffee, and place it on my lap. Isn’t that so sweet?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Now eat,” he commanded me, and walked into the kitchen to get his own food. Hermione and mum walked out of the kitchen, both with dumbfounded looks on their faces.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Did Harry actually take you down the stairs and bring you food?” asked Hermione.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yes, well Harry is such a gentleman,” said Mum.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Oh god, I could tell by the dreamy look in my mum’s eyes that she was already planning our wedding. Suddenly I became defensive.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“What’s wrong with that? He just felt bad for me and didn’t want me to stay alone upstairs,” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Aww,” was Hermione’s reply. Grr, that makes me so mad.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">After my mother got over Harry’s “gentlemanliness”, she began fussing over my ankle, which surprisingly hadn’t swollen at all. Hermione told me it was because it wasn’t a regular break, and wouldn’t have most of the characteristics of a normal broken bone. Actually besides the pain, there were no other similarities. Mum placed an enchanted ice pack on it, which numbed the pain almost immediately.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Hey, Hermione, didn’t you say that you read of some spell that could determine your true love?” I asked her.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yes, I’m pretty sure I did, but I didn’t find it yet. Don’t worry though, I’m looking. The only thing I’m afraid of is that half these love spells don’t work, and if the spell that I find actually does work, it must either be extremely complicated, or extremely ancient. If it wasn’t everyone would be using it, correct?” she asked me.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I guess that’s true. But if we do find it and its complicated or whatever, you’ll be able to do it? Like there is some possible way of casting it right?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione smiled. “Once I find it, I’ll be able to manage it.” Of course.</p>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <hr class="calibre9"/>
    <p class="calibre2">Later on in the afternoon, we (as in Ron, Harry, Hermione, and me) were all sitting in the living room talking. Thankfully, it was raining outside and they couldn’t go play Quidditch as they were planning to do, and leave me alone by myself. At some point of the conversation, we ran out of things to say, and just sat looking around us. To liven things up, I proposed a game.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Hey guys, want to play truth or dare?” I asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Harry and Hermione agreed at once, but for some reason Ron was reluctant.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Why don’t you want to play, Ron? Do you have anything you want to hide from us? We already know who you like, so there’s no use of hiding.” Harry said. Hermione blushed delicately at this point, and as usual, Ron’s ears turned red. Dumb, clueless people.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“That’s not the reason I don’t want to play. I just think it’s a pointless game, that’s all,” Ron said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ron stop being so stubborn and play with us,” asked Hermione sweetly.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ugh, fine ok,” said Ron.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“How come you only agree when Hermione asks?” I asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Shut up Ginny.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Anyway, the game only started getting interesting when Harry dared Hermione to kiss Ron. Since this was a magical truth or dare game, you couldn’t refuse a dare because if you did, your ears would turn neon pink, and wouldn’t be returned back to normal until the dare was fulfilled. The things wizards come up with…</p>
    <p class="calibre2">So of course, the blushing began again and Ron leaned in to kiss Hermione… well lets say they took much longer then expected. They both emerged looking quite abashed at their actions. They wouldn’t look at each other straight in the eye for the rest of the game. Now this is where the interesting part is. In retaliation, my dearest brother Ron dared Harry to kiss me. KISS ME!!! Could you believe it? Harry, Hermione, and I just sort of stared at Ron for a good minute when he dared us. I daresay we looked quite ridiculous with our dumbfounded expressions. So of course, Harry had to kiss me unless he wanted his ears to turn pink… which wouldn’t be good. What was Ron thinking?!! What happened to being all big brotherly and "protecting my virtue" or whatever? Daring his best friend to kiss his sister isn’t exactly protecting my virtue, now is it? I honestly didn’t know what to do when he said that. I looked at Hermione as if she could stop it or something, but she still looked dumbfounded. I had no choice. I looked at Harry who was blushing quite profusely and nodded. He leaned in…</p>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <hr class="calibre9"/>
    <p class="calibre2">Now I’m back in bed at night. I think I’m still blushing from the aftereffects of what happened with Harry today. It was so unexpected… but the kiss felt so natural, like we’ve been doing it forever. I thought it would be just a quick peck or something, but we actually took some time. I honestly still can’t believe we did that. I’m unsure whether to be mad at Ron, or thankful he did that. Wow. Ok, I got to go. Hermione is telling me to “stop scratching away at my bloody diary”.</p>
  


  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="introduction.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_1.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_2.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_3.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_4.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="chap_1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="chap_3.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
