<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Chapter 1</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Magical Maladies
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    somethingwicked

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="nav.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="chap_2.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
    <h2 class="calibre5">Chapter 1</h2>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <div class="calibre8">
      <div class="calibre8">Author's Notes:</div>
      <div class="calibre8">This is my first attempt at a multi-chapter story, so please read and tell me what you think!</div>
    </div>
    <p class="calibre2">Wednesday, August 7</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Dear Diary,</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Last year, Hermione gave me this diary for my birthday. I found it a few days ago in the drawer of my desk, and decided to try it out. Writing in diaries is supposedly supposed to help you in relieving your feelings or whatever. Anyway, here goes:</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginevra Molly Weasley! Get up this instant! I swear; I don’t know where you get it. When I was your age, I was up at the crack of dawn, helping my mother. You, you’re just-” screamed my mother from the kitchen. I groaned and pulled the pillow over my head, blocking out the unwanted noise. It was the summer for god sakes; I had every right to stay in bed as late as I want.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“GINEVRA!” screeched my mother for the third time. I groaned once again. Not being able to ignore it any longer, I threw the covers off of me and ambled towards the bathroom, only to find that someone was already in it. Grumbling incoherently to myself, I banged my fist on the door and threatened to bat-bogey hex whoever was in there if they didn’t hurry up. Instantly, the door swung open, and guess who walks out? None other than Harry Potter, of course. I literally gasped and hit into the wall behind me. He took in my tousled hair, too-small tank, my old sweats, and smiled.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Good morning, Ginny. I see you’re up early,” he said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Err, hi Harry. What are you doing up so early? I’m only up because my mum was screeching at me,” I replied.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He grinned. “I heard. I’m normally a morning person. Don’t like to sleep much.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Wow, I think sleeping is my next favorite thing after Quidditch. Well, I’ll meet you downstairs for breakfast. Let me just get cleaned up.” I said. He nodded and went down the stairs. I walked into the bathroom. After performing my morning necessities, I walked back into my room, and decided what to wear for the day. Deciding on a pair of jeans and t-shirt, I brushed my hair and walked out of the room and onto the top of the stairs where my mother had placed a horrid pink and orange throw rug, apparently of her own doings. Giving it a look of disgust, I stepped onto it… and away I fell, down two flights of stairs. THUMP, BAM…”ouch! Ouch!” HARRY! WATCH OUT! BAM!</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Yes, I tumbled down the stairs, and straight into Harry, perfect right? To make it worse, I didn’t only hit into him, but I landed on top of him. Obviously, I jumped up as fast as I could, only to fall back again. Apparently, I had sprained my ankle or something, because whatever it was, I couldn’t stand up.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginny, are you ok?” he asked, attempting to fix his lopsided glasses.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yeah, I think I just sprained my ankle or something. It’s nothing.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Upon hearing my fall, Mum, Fred, George, Ron, and Hermione all rushed out of the kitchen.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry, just what do you think you’re doing to my sister?!” was Ron’s only concern. Thankfully, Hermione told him to shut up and stop being so daft.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I fell down the stairs, tumbled into Harry, and apparently I sprained my ankle and can’t get up. Could someone help me up, please?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Here I got it,” said Harry. He slid out form under me, picked up, then laid me on the couch. Wow, the last time I imagined Harry picking me up it was under totally different circumstances. Anyway, I looked up to see Mum, Fred, and George all looking as if they had just seen a ghost.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“What’s wrong? I just sprained my ankle. Mum could heal it in a second,” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Mum walked over to me and placed her hand on my ankle, feeling the bone. I winced, and she said, “Ginny, it’s broken.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Oh, well, ok, can’t you heal that too?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Not really. This isn’t just any broken ankle, that’s why it’s not so painful. I think, and I hope dearly that I am not correct, that you have a something called ‘The Broken Love Bone’,” she said, her face very grave. Upon hearing this, Hermione gasped, Fred and George nodded their heads sadly, and Ron put his face in his hands. Apparently, Harry and I were the only ones who had no idea what that was.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“What’s that?” we both asked simultaneously.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione was the one who explained this time. “Ginny, a broken love bone means that whichever bone was broken, which in your case is your ankle, will not heal until you fall in love. It a curse that Aphroditus the First placed on all wizard kind, after the woman he loved deserted him. Your ankle will not heal until you fall in love, and not just any type of love, it has to be genuine and mutual from both sides.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“You’re not bloody serious are you? Wait what’s the difference between a love bone and just a regular bone? You might be wrong. What am I going to do? There’s a fat chance of me ever falling in love if I’m strapped to a bloody bed all day, don’t you think?” I was hyperventilating, and I began seeing stars.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“We know it’s a broken love bone because it was broken at precisely the same spot which all love bones are supposed to break. Also, you broke it, by tumbling into someone form the opposite gender, the same way a love bone usually breaks,” replied Hermione.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">‘This is not bloody happening to me! What am I going to do? If I can’t find someone I like while I’m up on both feet, do you think I’m, going to find someone while I’m stuck on my bed? Mum!” I wailed.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginny, calm down. Look, I’m pretty sure I read of a spell that can determine your true love somewhere; I just have to find it. So look, just calm down, rest, and believe me, it’ll be over faster than you think,” Hermione said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Yeah right.</p>
  


  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="introduction.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_1.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_2.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_3.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_4.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="nav.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="chap_2.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
