<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Chapter 4</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Magical Maladies
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    somethingwicked

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="chap_3.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
      </div>
    

    
    <h2 class="calibre5">Chapter 4</h2>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <div class="calibre8">
      <div class="calibre8">Author's Notes:</div>
      <div class="calibre8">Last chapter!! Sorry for taking so long, I was just so busy the last few weeks.. Anyway, hope you enjoy!</div>
    </div>
    <p class="calibre2">Chapter 4</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Friday, August 9</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Dear Diary,</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione told me that I had been out for a whole half hour. I guess Mum got really worried or something, because when I woke up an old Healer with little tufts of white hair on his head was peering at me over his spectacles. At first I couldn’t focus my vision and everything seemed a little blurry at the edges, but after rubbing my eyes a few times they went back to normal.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ahh, Miss Wellen, I see you’ve decided to join us,” said the old Healer.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Even in my half-groggy state I managed to correct him.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“It’s Weasley,” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yes, yes I’m sure it is,” he said absentmindedly, whilst taking my pulse. He turned around to Mum and said, “Your little girl is absolutely fine. Fainting can occur when the person is very fatigued, or dehydrated, so it’s best to let her rest and provide her with fluids constantly.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Grr. I hate people calling me “little girl”.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Mum nodded and her hands flitted pointlessly around my blankets, trying to fix them for me. “Is there nothing to give her?” Mum asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“No, that won’t be necessary. All Miss Wayne needs is a good, long nap and a bowl of chicken soup,” he said merrily, patting my head.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Ok, I am seriously not liking this guy. How hard is it to remember “Weasley”?!?!</p>
    <p class="calibre2">My mother nodded again and led the Healer out of my room. I settled back on the pillows and rested my head against the headboard. I felt like I was forgetting something… I gasped. “HERMIONE!!!” I screamed.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I heard someone running up the stairs and my door burst open. Hermione came running in, with Mum close behind her.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginny, are you ok? Do you feel faint again? Should I call the Healer?” Mum asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“No, I’m fine. Just tell me what happened after I fainted. Did the paper come out? What did it say? Whose name!?” I asked impatiently.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ahh,” my mother said. That is not a good sign. I turned to Hermione and gave her an expectant look.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Well?” I asked her.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione sat at the edge of my bed. “Ginny, there was no paper. Nothing appeared when I said the spell,” she said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I stared unbelievingly at her. I just could not comprehend her words. “I’m sorry, what? I didn’t understand what you said.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“There was no paper. Nothing at all. There was nothing that said the name of your true love or anything. This means two things. Either I performed the spell wrong, which I highly doubt, or you already know your true love, which is more probable,” said Hermione.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I don’t think it’s either. Of course you didn’t do the spell wrong, you never do anything wrong, and I know I don’t know my true love because if I did I would have been walking long before now so there must be some other reason.” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione stared at me. “Ginny, are you absolutely sure there is no one that could possibly be your true love? No one at all?” Hermione asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Hermione, you know there is no one except…” I said, but was interrupted by a knock at the door.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Come in!” called Hermione. The door opened and Harry walked in.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">This cannot be a bloody coincidence. Like honestly, this is just too perfect timing.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I gave Hermione a look. Apparently she understood because she said “oh” softly and patted my hand. Harry came and sat on the chair of my desk.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Hey, Ginny. How are you?” he asked me politely. Damn those piercing green eyes of his.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I’m fine. Harry. Thanks for asking.” Why was everything suddenly so stiff and formal?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“So, no paper appeared?” he asked in a conversational tone.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I hung my head. “Unfortunately not. I don’t know what to do now.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He sighed. “Doesn’t that mean that you already know your true love?” What is it with those green eyes that feel like he’s boring into my very skin?! I feel like he could see what I’m thinking!</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yeah, it does, but that’s not the case for me. I honestly do not know or have any idea who my 'true love' is,” I replied.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ahh, that could be a problem. Which is why I researched some more about this love spell and whatnot,” he said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I think my jaw dropped open. Literally. Harry did research for me? As in Harry Potter?! *sniff* I’m becoming emotional.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“You did what?” I croaked. I looked over at Hermione, who had the same awestruck look on her face.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Well, after you passed out, and it was obvious no paper appeared, I decided that there must be some solution to this problem. It’s extremely simple, really. Do you want to hear it?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yes! Of course. What is it?” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“All you have to do is take Veritaserum. When asked who your true love is, Veritaserum will force you to say it, because although you may not know it, subconsciously you do know who it is. I’ve read about it. It’s true. Then once you do say it, all we have to do is go to that person and make them to do the same thing, and it’s almost a hundred percent chance that he will say that you’re his true love also.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Of course!” Hermione said. “That’s genius!”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I could only nod weakly. I didn’t want to get my hopes up for the second time today in thinking I might actually find out who it is. I did remember though to thank Harry.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry, wow, thank you so much. No one would have ever thought of that. I really appreciate it. What could I ever do to repay you?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He blushed. “It was nothing,” he mumbled.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione rushed downstairs to tell my mother. I could hear her from my room exclaiming how she knew Harry was always a genius and then rushing out to the Apothecary to buy Veritaserum.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">In due time, my mother was back with a bottle of clear, odorless Veritaserum. I was more nervous this time than last time because I could tell this was it. This was the time I would actually find out who my true love is. Oh god.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Mum put a few drops onto a spoon and held to my mouth. Hermione came and sat at the edge of my bed with an expectant look. I saw Harry edge out of my room.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry, wait!” I said. “Why are you leaving?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Because this is a private moment for you. I'll just wait downstairs.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry, don’t be silly. We would have never done this without you. Stay here,” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He blushed, but came and sat on the chair again. Once again, Mum held the spoon into my mouth and this time I swallowed the liquid.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Mum turned to Hermione. “You ask her. I’m too anxious.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione nodded. “Ginevra Molly Weasley, who is your true love?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I answered automatically. “Harry James Potter.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <hr class="calibre9"/>
    <p class="calibre2">I don’t believe it. I don’t believe it. I don’t believe it. Did I just say “Harry Potter”?! And he heard me?! Oh my god. Oh my god.</p>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <hr class="calibre9"/>
    <p class="calibre2">There was a deathly silence. If this hadn’t been such a serious situation, it would have been quite comical. Mum had a queer look on her face as if she was mixed up between being extremely happy and extremely shocked at the same time. Hermione had a tiny smile on her face as if saying “Ha! I knew it!” And Harry… I was too scared to look in the direction. I didn’t know what to do with my eyes. Should I keep looking down at my hands or look at Mum, or what? I was desperately avoiding looking in his direction. Finally, Hermione broke the silence.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry?” Hermione asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Ok, I had to look. I couldn’t take the suspense. I turned and look at him. He was extremely pale… and he had a sort of half grin on his face. Uhh, why was he grinning?! Did this seem like a funny situation to him? I just humiliated myself in front of the love of my life, my best friend, and my mother! Besides that annoying yet extremely adorable grin on his face, he was staring at me. Like he wasn’t even blinking. Just… staring.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry?” Hermione said again.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Finally he stopped staring at me with those x-ray eyes of his. His grin was steadily getting bigger. It was almost a complete smile now.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yes, Hermione?” he said. His voice was rough.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“For this to completely work, we need you to take Veritaserum too. So, you know, we could ask you the same question.” Hermione said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Ok now he was really smiling. Like a huge smile. “No need,” he said simply. “I already know.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I could feel my heart shattering into ten thousand million little pieces. The tears started welling up in my eyes and immediately I started sniffing. My mum looked at me with shock. I never cry. It’s just the fact that he said it so simply, so nonchalantly, I couldn’t take it anymore. I brushed away the tears, but they just kept coming harder and harder. There was a gaping hole in my chest where my heart used to be. I didn’t think I cared about him this much. I mean I knew, but… wow.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">My mum started whispering into my ear about how I would find someone better and that I was better than that and all that nonsense but Hermione tugged my mother’s hand and pulled her away.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry and Ginny need to talk. Now,” she said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Mum nodded and on her way out of the door she stopped. “Harry…”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I looked at him, to see his reaction, but all he did was nod. I don’t feel like talking to him right now. I have embarrassed myself more than once today. I am not the type of girl to show my feelings to everyone like this. Crying was strictly allowed only at night, in my own bed when I was alone. And saying my crush to everyone was definitely not allowed…</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione closed the door after her as she walked out. And then Harry came and sat right next to me on the bed. He actually had the nerve to sit next me! If I wasn’t scared of having my wand taken away by the Ministry, I would have hexed him right then and there.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginny…” he started, but I interrupted him.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry, you don’t need to tell me anything. Don’t feel obligated to comfort me or anything. Neither you nor I should blame you for the way you feel. Its ok, I understand,” I said. That was dignified, right?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Harry groaned. “Could you please let me say what I want to say?” he asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Whoah. Excuse me.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Go ahead.” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginny, you totally misunderstood me. When I said 'I already know'. I meant there was no point of taking Veritaserum, because I already knew my true love,” he said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I know.” I replied.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I mean you. You’re my true love,” he said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I don’t remember what it was I did exactly at this point, because after he said that everything was a blur. I’m sure it involved gasping and hyperventilating though…</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I looked up at him with my eyes wide open.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Do you really mean that?” I asked.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Apparently, he didn’t think words were good enough to express his answer, because instead he scooped me up - am I really that light? - and kissed me. It was absolute and total bliss. Try as I might, I would not be able to describe it here, so I’m not even going to bother. So he scooped me up, and laid my back against the dresser and proceeded to kiss me. It might have been unromantic at the time, but I had to interrupt our incredible kiss to tell him something.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Harry?” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Hmmph?” He looked extremely put out about being interrupted - believe me so was I, but this was urgent.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“My ankle is healed,” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">He smiled. “I love you.” And he went right back to kissing me.</p>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <hr class="calibre9"/>
    <p class="calibre2">There you have it, the last chapter of Magical Maladies!! Totally fluff, i know, but I live for H/G fluff so… Anyway, I hope you enjoyed it, and as always, don't forget to review!!!</p>
  


  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="introduction.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_1.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_2.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_3.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_4.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="chap_3.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
