<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Chapter 3</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Magical Maladies
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    somethingwicked

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="chap_2.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="chap_4.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
    <h2 class="calibre5">Chapter 3</h2>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <div class="calibre8">
      <div class="calibre8">Author's Notes:</div>
      <div class="calibre8">Here we go, third chapter. Oh and one more thing, I would really like to thank all my reviewers for your awesome reviews. You guys are amazing! I love knowing what my readers think. So as always, please review! </div>
    </div>
    <p class="calibre2">Friday, August 9</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Dear Diary,</p>
    <p class="calibre2">This morning I got up feeling extremely nauseous and woozy. I was freezing and couldn’t stop shivering. Thankfully, mum came straight into my room when she heard me moving around in my bed.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginny, are you ok?” she asked. I guess I looked really pale or something.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I think I caught the flu or something. I feel nauseous and I’m extremely cold.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">She placed her hand on my forehead. “You have a fever. You’re forehead is burning up.” Great. Fever and a broken ankle.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">At that moment Hermione walked in. Apparently she had just woken up because she was still wearing her pajamas and carrying a cup of coffee.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“What’s wrong with Ginny?” she asked Mum.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“She has a fever,” Mum replied.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione put the cup down on the dresser. “Ginny, is your ankle swollen more than normal?” she asked. Mum bent down and lifted up the blanket off my ankle. Sure enough it was redder and more swollen then I had ever seen it.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione nodded her head. “Is there anything else that hurts you?”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yeah, my left pinky and thumb are also bothering me a bit. They have this like dull, throbbing pain, I don’t know why. They were fine yesterday.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“I know why. This isn’t a regular fever. Its one of the symptoms of a broken love bone. You’re fever is going to get pretty bad. There’s nothing to do but just wait it out,” she said. I groaned and burrowed my head under my pillow.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Oh no. This cannot be happening to me. What have I done to deserve such a horrible fate? Why am I cursed this way? WHY? Ok, I’m done being a drama queen.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I heard Hermione speaking to mum. “She has to find her true love soon. Already, the symptoms are getting worse. Something needs to be done.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I threw the pillow off of me with such force that it hit Hermione in the head. “Wait. What? There’s a time limit for this thing? Like what, if I don’t find my true love soon or something, I’m going to die?” I was becoming hysterical now.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ginny, no! There is no time limit, its just that the longer you take to find your true love, the worse you’re symptoms will get. For example after your flu goes away, another will come and each time it’ll get worse. That’s all I mean. But there’s no recorded accounts of anyone ever dying of a love bone, so don’t worry.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Oh. That’s supposed to make me feel better. I won’t die, but I’ll just keep getting worse and worse flues.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">So after Hermione told us the wonderful news of me having a terrible fever, Mum brought up a rather scrumptious breakfast. I guess she was feeling bad for me, considering now that I’m confined to my bed. I decided that some sort of action needs to be done. Obviously, I will never find “my true love” if I’m in bed all day, right? The only person I can like in this house and who’ll like me back is Harry, and I don’t see that happening anytime soon. Now what? How will I ever meet someone? Should I try to make Harry like me back or just forget about him? Did Hermione find that love spell and will it work?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Giving myself a major headache with all my unanswerable questions, I decided to give myself a break and not think about my current situation right now. After finishing up my breakfast, I leaned my head against the pillows and fell into a deep sleep.</p>
    <p class="calibre2"/>
    <hr class="calibre9"/>
    <p class="calibre2">“I got it!” screamed Hermione from the top of the stairs. Everyone turned around to look at her.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Got what?” I asked from the sofa, the current location I had been moved to.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“It took me forever to find it, but I got it!” she said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Got what?” repeated Harry.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“The love spell!” she said, her face alight with happiness.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I dropped the book I was reading. Is it possible there is one ray of sunshine in my miserable life, just one iota of happiness? Will I be cured of this miserable blight? Is it possible?! Wow, I am such a drama queen. Anyway, back to Hermione.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Of course, when she said that, everyone immediately jumped out of their seats.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“You found it? My baby will finally be cured!” cried Mum.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Good job, Hermione!” said Harry.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Wow, you’re even more brilliant than I thought you were,” said Ron. This of course made Hermione blush, which triggered Ron’s blush, and the circle of never-ending blushes began. Will these people ever get a clue?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione went to sit on the sofa by my feet and opened the notebook she was holding.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Ok, as I predicted, this spell is both extremely ancient and extremely difficult. I found it in a book of love spells that the Renaldi family, an ancient pureblood family, used to pass around from one witch to another. The actual book is kept in the Museum of Magic, but excerpts from the book are placed in the Department of Archives in the Ministry of Magic for public-viewing. What is strange about the spell is that for it to actually work properly, the person it is being cast on has to drink a potion. The potion itself is ancient, although not very difficult to make. Since I already made the potion, all we have to do is actually cast the spell,” said Hermione.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">We all stared at her in awe. “Wow, thanks Hermione. I’m so touched that you did all that for me,” I said, smiling appreciatively at her.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Yeah well, Hermione is naturally a very caring person,” said Ron. Jeez Ron, could you stop with the cheesy compliments?</p>
    <p class="calibre2">I guess Mum couldn’t express her gratitude in any way except pulling Hermione into a bone-crushing hug that left her looking slightly disheveled.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Guys, honestly, it was nothing. I enjoyed doing this. Now let’s get to work. I already made the potion, so all we have to do is make Ginny drink it and wait an hour before casting the spell. When the spell is cast, a single scroll of parchment will appear with the name of your love on it. However, if you already know who your true love is and the love is mutual between you both, nothing will appear at all.”</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Well, at least we know that won’t happen. I have no idea who my true love is.” I said.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">Hermione smiled mysteriously. “You never know,” she said. What’s that supposed to mean? Anyway after having the potion unceremoniously shoved down my throat-it tasted horrible by the way, like troll boogies- and having waited the mandatory hour, Hermione got ready to perform the spell. Now that it was actually time, I began to feel anxious. What if I had no true love and the spell didn’t work at all? I was also scared to actually find out who it was. As Hermione prepared to say the spell, my family gathered around me and Mum held my hand.</p>
    <p class="calibre2">“Amore appearus,” Hermione muttered. The last thing I saw were Harry’s emerald eyes staring at me before I passed out.</p>
  


  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="introduction.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_1.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_2.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_3.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="chap_4.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="chap_2.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../yd018-zhfrd.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="chap_4.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
