<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_010.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_012.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_12">Chapter 10</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">More Death Eater attacks rounded out the last couple of weeks of term. More injuries, more deaths, and Harry hated the fact that he wasn't out there doing more.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">That thought only lasted until Ginny got a hold of him and dragged him into his private bedroom with barely a glance at their confused friends in the common room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">Harry James Potter you stop that line of thought this instant or so help me, you'll be sleeping alone for a month</em>.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry almost chuckled, but managed to contain himself. <em class="calibre9">I'm sorry, Gin. I just feel like I should be fighting.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">We </em>are<em class="calibre9"> fighting</em>, Ginny reminded him. <em class="calibre9">Find the horcruxes, destroy them, and then destroy Voldemort. We're doing all we can.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed, but knew that Ginny was right.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">Damn straight, Potter</em>, Ginny retorted, a smirk on her face.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled. <em class="calibre9">You're always right, Potter</em>, he replied.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny felt a shiver run down her spine. <em class="calibre9">Ginny Potter</em>, she mused, throwing her arms around his neck. <em class="calibre9">I could get used to that.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">I sincerely hope so</em>, Harry said, leaning down to kiss her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">With just a week left until the Christmas holidays, Harry and the other seventh years were counting the days. It was like fifth year all over again, only worse. There wasn't much time for them to get away from the onslaught of homework to research horcruxes, but they managed to do so the weekend before they were to head home for the holidays.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I know we've put all our effort into finding the Gaunt Shack," Hermione commented, "but I feel we should also consider the other possible locations. Harry, you suggested Hogwarts. Is there any way to find out if he hid something here?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip and shrugged. "I'm not sure," he admitted. "It wouldn't be somewhere anyone could stumble across it, but the castle is a big place."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Could your status as heir of Gryffindor help you?" Ron asked curiously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed. "I don't know. I can try, but no guarantees. We'll just have to do the best we can."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">No one looked too happy with that assessment, but agreed, and spent the remaining time until lunch doing homework.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry considered the possibility of returning to the Heart of Hogwarts, to see if he could get answers that way, but didn't share the idea with anyone. Ginny heard it in his mind, and thought that they should try before the term ended.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After lunch, the couples all separated, wanting to spend some time alone. Daphne headed down to the Slytherin common room to find her sister, while the others wandered off.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron and Hermione found themselves in the clock tower, looking out over the grounds as they talked. It was moments like these that Hermione felt completely at ease. Without the pressures of the war, or the horcruxes, she could just spend time with her boyfriend, admiring the view, and being teenagers.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"It's so peaceful," Hermione commented, looking out at the distant snow-covered Pitch. There were a few students out on the grounds, mostly younger years having a snowball fight, but for the most part, everyone had taken refuge in the castle, avoiding the bitter cold of the December air.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron gave a hum of agreement, throwing an arm across Hermione's shoulders.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione glanced down at the arm, and then snuggled into Ron's side. "I could get used to this," she said softly, smiling in content.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron looked at her and raised an eyebrow. "How so?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione bit her lip. You. Me. Us. I like this."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron nodded awkwardly. "Me too. I know I was pretty clueless when I was younger, but from the beginning, I think it was supposed to be us, together."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione gave him a considering look. "That sounds sort of like what Harry and Ginny described."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron shrugged. "We don't have to be soul bonded to be together. To be honest, I'm not sure if I would want that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione looked surprised. "You don't?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron was now nervous. "It's not that I don't love you, Hermione, I just –"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione placed a hand over her mouth, giving him a dazzling smile. "I don't want a soul bond either."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione withdrew her hand and Ron's mouth dropped open. "Really?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione shook her head. "No. I mean, I see Harry and Ginny together, and I want that type of relationship, but I don't think I'd want someone to be constantly in my head."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron nodded slowly. "Yeah," he agreed. "It works for them, but I don't think I could do it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione leaned into his side once more. "I think we'll get to that point eventually. It was easier for them. Neither of us was really ready to fall into such a serious commitment right away, not the way they were."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I think it was because of the experiences they had," Ron commented. "When we got together, we were still just teenagers. We were young. We had to work it out and grow into the relationship. But Harry and Ginny… neither of them was really a kid by the time they got together. I mean, yeah, they were thirteen and fourteen years old, but inside, they were already adults."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione glanced up at him. "I'm so proud of the way you've grown up, Ron. I can see how much you've changed in the last few years."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron blushed. "We all have to some time, right?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione nodded, agreeing. "Have you thought more about what you want to do after graduation?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron shrugged slightly, glancing out at the grounds. "When we had our career counseling sessions, I told Professor McGonagall that I wanted to be an Auror, or play Quidditch professionally. I'm not really sure if that's my dream anymore."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione looked intrigued. "What is it, then?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron looked a little nervous. "I'd love to play Quidditch, but I'm not sure if I'm good enough. I think I'd really like to be a coach, eventually. I'd like the experience of playing, but I think in the end, I want to be a coach. Or maybe a sports correspondent, or work in the Department of Magical Games and Sports."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione smiled. "So something to do with Quidditch."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron nodded. "I don't think I want to fight Death Eaters all day, not after this war. I've had enough fighting."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione beamed. "That sounds good to me." She paused and looked down briefly. "Where do I fit into this future of yours?" she asked hesitantly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron looked at her, his cheeks tomato-red. "Erm… well, I… that is…" He took a deep breath to steady himself. "Hermione, I love you. I know we're not Harry and Ginny, but I do think that I want to spend my life with you. Whatever else happens, I hope that you'll be by my side."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione grinned and stood on her tiptoes, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "I love you too, Ron. And whatever happens, I want us to be together."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The couple lapsed into silence, spending the remainder of the afternoon in each other's arms, enjoying the peaceful quiet and daydreaming about the future.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny also spend part of the afternoon discussing their future. They ended up back in the Room of Requirement, relaxing in front of a roaring fire on a very comfortable rug.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny was snuggled into Harry's side, one arm thrown casually across his stomach, the other pillowing her head.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">I can't believe you're leaving school in just a few months</em>, she marveled.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded slowly, drowsiness creeping in and washing over him like the warmth of the fire at their feet. <em class="calibre9">I still remember Hagrid coming to tell me that I was a wizard,</em> he grinned.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny snorted. <em class="calibre9">Didn't he smash down the door, start a fire with an umbrella and give your cousin a pig's tail?</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, smiling at the memory. <em class="calibre9">Good times.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny shifted so that she was even closer to him, if that was possible. <em class="calibre9">A lot's changed</em>, she commented.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded again. <em class="calibre9">Everything.</em> His mental voice was soft.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny looked up at him. <em class="calibre9">You're starting to think seriously about careers now,</em> she observed. <em class="calibre9">Have you narrowed anything down since your career counseling session two years ago?</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged, an awkward movement as he was lying down. <em class="calibre9">I'm not sure I want to do more fighting, but I really like the idea of joining the Aurors. My dad did it, and his dad, and his dad before him. It's like a tradition.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny frowned. <em class="calibre9">You don't have to follow their footsteps if you don't want to. No one will think less of you.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head slightly. <em class="calibre9">I want to. I just feel like, after this war, I won't want to jump into another job that requires me to go up against Death Eaters and the like.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny tilted her head to the side. <em class="calibre9">What if you took some time off, first, before joining the Aurors? Professor McGonagall told me at my session last year, that Madam Hooch is considering retiring soon. Maybe you could be the flying instructor for a while, to get some distance from the war, and then, when your ready and if you still want to, you could join the Aurors.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked at her in surprise. <em class="calibre9">That's actually a really good idea.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny raised an eyebrow. <em class="calibre9">What's that supposed to mean, Potter?</em> she asked, her mental voice sounding disgruntled.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry gulped and gave her a quick kiss. <em class="calibre9">Nothing, Gin. It's a great idea, I just hadn't considered it before.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded and settled back down. They spent the rest of the afternoon cuddling, before reluctantly getting up to join their friends for dinner.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">A couple of days later, Harry made his way to the Room of Requirement alone. Ginny was doing homework, and the others were all likewise occupied. He probably should be doing work as well, but he wanted to go back to the Heart before the holidays, and knew that this could be his last chance.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He slipped into the familiar stone room and looked around. The embers in the basin were still glowing; it looked the same as it had the last time he had been there.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As he walked forward, he heard a voice in his mind. <em class="calibre9">Greetings, child. It has been a while.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded slightly. <em class="calibre9">I'm sorry, I've been busy.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hogwarts' mental voice was amused. <em class="calibre9">I understand. You have many questions; you have come for answers.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. <em class="calibre9">I was wondering… would you be able to tell me if someone hid something… evil… in the castle?</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hogwarts was silent for a moment. When she replied, her voice was soft but indomitable. <em class="calibre9">I am sentient, but not all knowing. I cannot see all. There is something… wrong… here, but I cannot tell you where.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, disappointed. <em class="calibre9">Thank you for answering. I was not trying to be rude.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hogwarts was back to being amused. <em class="calibre9">I know, child. Now, I am glad you have returned. I wish to show you something.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry stepped forward, intrigued, as a side of the room melted away, showing him a dark passageway.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">This is the last truly hidden entrance to the castle</em>, Hogwarts informed him. <em class="calibre9">It will appear on no map, and one must be granted access by one of the Founders or their kin to see the outside entrance. It leads here from a boulder in the fourth cave beyond the village. You should know the one.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry inclined his head, understanding. Beyond the village and up into the mountains a bit, there were a series of caves. The castle was telling him which one housed the entrance to this passageway.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Place your hand on the boulder. As Godric's blood flows in your veins, the passage shall be revealed to you.</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded again. <em class="calibre9">Thank you,</em> he replied, grateful for the knowledge. An escape route that no one knew about could come in handy.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hogwarts bid him farewell, and he felt the presence leave his mind.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">That was interesting</em>, Ginny commented as he headed back to the common room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">It was, </em>Harry agreed. <em class="calibre9">I'm not sure why exactly the castle showed it to me, but it's definitely a good thing to know, an alternative route in or out.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny agreed. <em class="calibre9">With the way things are right now, we need all the help we can get. Shame that the castle can't tell you if there's a horcrux here.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">But she did say that there was something wrong in the castle</em>, Harry argued as he gave the password to the Fat Lady and entered the common room. <em class="calibre9">That could mean that there is a horcrux here, so we've at least narrowed down a location, in the general sense.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny looked at him as he sat down next to her. <em class="calibre9">The castle is a huge place, Harry. We wouldn't even know where to start.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry had to give her that, but he couldn't help but feel that the afternoon hadn't been a complete waste. There was something wrong in the castle. Harry just knew that meant there was a horcrux here. He didn't know which one, or where it was, but it was here.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Now they just had to find it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry was incredibly glad that they were due to leave for the Christmas holidays the next day. He needed a break, and he needed to get out of the castle. It was a large place, but they hadn't had the opportunity to leave the grounds since the last Hogsmeade visit; normally, there were at least two trips to the village scheduled in the first term, but because of the last attack, all future trips had been canceled.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He also wanted to take a break from the mountains of homework. Everyone was feeling the strain, and the reality of the NEWTs was starting to sink in. The time before the tests was shrinking faster than any of them were prepared for.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Yes, Harry could tell that he wasn't the only one looking forward to the break.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He also wanted to spend some time away from the headmaster. He had kept his temper in check all semester, knowing that accusing Dumbledore of anything – especially without concrete proof – would not be productive. He wanted to hex the old man to within an inch of his sanity, but thankfully, his rational side prevailed, and he was able to keep himself and Ginny from outright attacking the headmaster. And if Dumbledore had found himself on the receiving end of a multitude of pranks over the last few months? Well, Harry was certain he had no idea who was behind all that bad luck.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The truth was, even with everything Harry suspected Dumbledore of – from being aware of the soul piece that had linked him and Voldemort together, to placing Harry with his relatives to make him more willing to give his life for the cause – there was no real evidence. It made sense that the headmaster had known, when Harry thought about it, but there was no proof.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">So Harry had to be content with watching Dumbledore suffer from someone's targeted prank war – whoever it was sure must have something against the headmaster – focusing on the light at the end of the term, when he would be able to leave the castle for a few weeks, and hopefully get some rest and relaxation in, before another semester of dealing with the headmaster's schemes and plans. Harry sometimes wondered if Dumbledore was actually doing anything productive in this war. It wasn't like he was actively trying to find a way to kill Voldemort. All he appeared to be doing was leading Order meetings where nothing got done, and sitting in his office making plans for Harry to sacrifice his own life.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">And perhaps that might have worked, six or seven years ago. But these days, Harry found he was a lot more selfish. He had a family, a future, and a life he didn't want to give up, just because an old man said that he had to die, to stop a megalomaniac.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone was in a talkative and joyous mood the evening before the Christmas holidays were to start, as they gathered to eat supper in the Great Hall.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Once everyone had finished eating, Dumbledore stood up. "Now that you have all eaten, I wished to speak with you one last time before the train departs." His eyes were serious as he observed the crowd. "Most of you will be leaving tomorrow morning for your homes, and I wish you all a Happy Christmas. However, I would also like to implore you to use caution. It is a dangerous time, and I wish you all to be safe." He smiled. "Happy holidays to everyone, and I shall see you all when the new term commences."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There was a flurry of movement as people headed for the exit, making their way back to their dorms to finish packing and get some sleep.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry spent the evening lying on his bed, with Ginny at his side, as he read through the documents that he had taken from the Gryffindor Vault the previous summer. He had put them away and then nearly forgot about them until had had been repacking his trunk this summer. There was a lot of information about Lion's Castle, including the fact that the Gryffindor Lordship ring was also a permanent portkey. According to the documents, the ring, which he wore invisible on the middle finger of his right hand, could hold up to three locations. The first one, which could not be removed, took the wearer and anyone he wished to include to Lion's Castle. Simply put, if Harry wanted someone to be included in the portkey and they were touching him, they would be transported with him. If someone was touching him that he didn't want to come with him, they wouldn't.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Two other locations could be added to the portkey if Harry wanted. He decided to add Potter Manor as soon as he could get to the Manor, since he needed to be at the location to add it to the portkey.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The interesting, and perhaps wonderful, thing about this particular portkey, was that it wasn't like regular portkeys. It could be used through wards, and the travel was much smoother. It was more like disappearing from one place, and reappearing at another. There was no spinning, no nausea, and no risk of falling on your backside.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">This sounds really useful</em>, Ginny commented as she read about it over his shoulder.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. "The Castle sounds amazing too. I hope it's not too rundown, with no one living there for centuries."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny pointed to a specific part of the document. "It says that house elves are bound to the Castle itself, to keep it neat and running no matter who is or isn't in residence."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled, relieved. "I'll have to go there sometime, to meet them and make sure they're happy and have everything they need."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded, agreeing. "Definitely."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "These wards sound impressive. It would be a good place to hide, should we need it. Better than McGonagall Castle, or Potter Manor, which are protected, but people know about them. No one knows about this place."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Once more, Ginny agreed, and soon after, both dropped off to sleep, exhausted from the last few months of school, Prefect and Head duties, Dumbledore, Quidditch, and horcrux research.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone was up early getting ready to head down to the train at the station in Hogsmeade. Harry and his friends all met for breakfast, eating at the Gryffindor table, an act that garnered no strange looks, as people often switched tables nowadays, eating with friends in other Houses. The professors didn't care, and only mandated that House tables be utilized as such for feasts.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Once they were finished eating, they separated to grab their trunks and agreed to meet in the Entrance Hall in twenty minutes.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny decided to shrink their trunks and carry them in their pockets. Following their lead, everyone else chose to do the same, and together, the group made their way down the path leading to the train station.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was a beautiful day, Harry mused as they walked. The sky was a crystal clear blue, with not a cloud in the sky. The last snow had nearly melted, leaving just a dusting behind.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Around them, the rest of the students returning to their homes were talking excitedly about the holidays, making plans to get together with friends, and wishing each other a good break.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">No one expected the explosion that threw nearly all of them off their feet.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_22"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_010.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_012.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
