<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_002.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_004.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_4">Chapter 2</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">As June turned into July, Harry and his friends were busier than ever. They wanted to be able to help in this war, and knew they'd need as much training as they could get.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A few weeks after the end of term, Harry met with Fred and George, and gave them two medallions, just like the ones the rest of his friends had. He explained them to the twins, who were grateful for the gift, and promised to never take them off. Both commended him on the magic involved, and agreed that such a device would come in handy.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They told Harry they would have something to present to the group at their next meeting, but didn't want to spoil the surprise, so they refused to give him any more hints.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry just rolled his eyes and left their shop, pulling his hood up on his cloak to avoid any unwanted attention as he headed down the Alley to Gringotts. He had an appointment with Sharptooth, and he didn't want to be late.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As was pre-arranged, he met Ginny in the lobby, and together, they headed towards an open teller.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Soon enough, Griphook was showing them to Sharptooth's office, and on the Goblin's welcoming gesture, the two teenagers took a seat.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled courteously. "Thank you for meeting with us, Sharptooth. I know my letter was a little vague, but I didn't feel comfortable putting what I wanted to talk about in writing."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth frowned minutely, his curiosity piqued despite his best effort. "I will admit that my interest was grabbed by the lack of information. However, I have worked with the Potter Family long enough to trust that your reasons were sound. What can I help you with?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled, relieved that Sharptooth was being understanding, and started talking. "What does the Goblin race know about horcruxes?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth leaned back slightly, startled. "That is not a word I hear from wizards very often," he said. His expression was neutral, but the tone of his voice made it quite clear to Harry and Ginny that he was shaken. "We call them vessels, because they are used to hold a portion of a witch or wizard's soul. Do you believe the Dark Lord has created such an object?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"No," Ginny replied calmly. "We believe he created several."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Now Sharptooth looked distinctly rattled. "We have seen such dark objects before. Many of our Curse Breakers have come across these vessels in the course of their work. The idea of making one is heinous, but to split ones soul multiple times…" he shook his head. "Such a soul would be unstable, and more likely to shatter. The Dark Lord may have thought that multiple vessels would give him more insurance, but the soul remaining in his body would be all the more weak." He looked sharply at Harry. "Do not mistake me; magically, he would be as strong as ever, but if you were to find the right leverage point, he wouldn't stand a chance. It's like boulders." The teenagers looked confused, so Sharptooth elaborated. "They appear strong, but when you find the right crevasse, you can shatter it into pieces."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, looking intrigued. "Thank you, Sharptooth. That's an insight we hadn't really thought about."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth inclined his head. "I am grateful to you, Harry, for bringing this information to the Goblin race. Your Ministry has a habit of not sharing much pertinent information with us. It has gotten better, since Minister Bones took office, but I am glad to not have to wait to learn of this information. Now," he straightened up, peering intensely at the teenagers. "I am certain that you did not come here simply to inform me of the situation. There is more, isn't there."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed and nodded ruefully. "Unfortunately, Sharptooth, you're right. I wish it was that simple, but it's not." He shared a look with Ginny, before he continued. "We've come up with a… theory, I guess you could call it, but we can't test it without your help."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth clasped his hands together on his desk. "I am intrigued," he allowed, nodding for Harry to go on.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took a deep breath. "As I'm sure you're aware, there are limited ways to destroy a horcrux. The most reliable methods we've discovered are basilisk venom, and fiendfyre. We feel that venom is probably the safer route to go."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth raised an eyebrow. "The best of a bad situation," he tilted his head to the side. "This would suggest that you believe you have a supply of basilisk venom handy."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled slightly. "I'm sure you're at least somewhat aware of the situation with the Chamber of Secrets a few years ago." Sharptooth nodded. "When I defeated the basilisk, I stabbed it with the sword of Gryffindor."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth's eyes widened noticeably. "The sword would now be a weapon for destroying these vessels."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. "That's what we were thinking. The only problem is, the sword is currently on display in Dumbledore's office, and if we were to just take it, it would raise questions we don't want to answer."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth pursed his lips. "You wish to exchange it for a forgery."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry's smile widened. He loved how astute his family's Manager was. "I am willing to pay – "</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth cut him off by shaking his head slightly. "Allow me to present the situation to the Goblin council. I believe they may be persuaded to take action."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced at Ginny briefly, before turning back to Sharptooth. "I will admit that I had hoped the Goblins may consider aiding us, but I didn't want to ask. We don't expect you to involve yourself in a wizard's war."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth let out a small sigh, leaning back in his seat. "Normally we wouldn't, but we can see the outcome of neutrality. Voldemort would not leave us in peace. I will notify you of a decision when it is made."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "I know that the sword is technically mine, as Gryffindor's heir, but I also know how Goblins see Goblin-made items. When this is over, should you desire it, I am willing to give the sword back to the Goblins."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny didn't look surprised, but Sharptooth did. There was also a trace of admiration and respect in his stern gaze as he observed his client. "Your offer is appreciated, though perhaps not necessary. Godric Gryffindor was one of the last wizards to be granted the title of true Goblin-friend. Oh, we have given offers of friendship to others, but not many achieve the level we granted the Gryffindor line. That sword was our token, gifted to Godric and passed down through his line to show to the world that we considered them to be Goblin-friend. That sword is yours, Harry James Potter Gryffindor, and yours alone. That Albus Dumbledore currently has custody of it will only give us more reason to honor your request."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry blinked, startled. He hadn't expected that. "Thank you," he replied simply, not really knowing how to respond. Sharptooth made to stand up, but Harry's raised hand stayed his movement. "There's one more thing."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth almost sighed, lowering himself back down. "Of course there is," he muttered. "What else?" he asked louder.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny shared another look, almost apprehensive, before Harry took a deep breath and let it out. "This is slightly more… delicate." Sharptooth raised an eyebrow. "We've done a lot of research in preparation for this search, and we think we might have an idea on the location of one horcrux. At least, we hope we do."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth inhaled sharply. "It must be somewhere that affects the Goblin race for you to be telling me."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded slightly. "When we were talking about possible locations, I just had this idea in my head that Voldemort would choose Gringotts. He would see it as a symbol of the world he found himself a part of."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth narrowed his gaze. "You think there's a horcrux in the bank."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded cautiously. "Voldemort entrusted one horcrux to Malfoy, who's to say that he wouldn't do the same with another loyal Death Eater?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Did you have someone in mind?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth's voice was carefully neutral, but Harry knew he needed to tread carefully.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"The Lestrange's," he replied calmly. "They've always been fiercely loyal and in Voldemort's inner circle."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth inclined his head once. "I will allow that. But you understand, Harry, that we pride ourselves on our client confidentiality. It does not matter to whom the vault owners report, I cannot allow you to enter a vault you do not own."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded quickly. "We know that, Sharptooth, and we're not trying to get you to break Goblin law. We had another idea, that we think the Goblin council would be more willing to accept."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth took a deep breath. "Continue."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"If Neville Longbottom were to request satisfaction for his family under the Old Laws," Harry hedged, "would the Council consider his request? The Ancient and Noble House of Longbottom was the victim of an unprovoked attack by the Family Lestrange. Would he be granted the opportunity to petition the Goblin council for restitution, taken from the Lestrange vault?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth studied the teenagers in front of him carefully. After several moments of silence, he nodded slowly. "A masterful plan, Mr. Potter. Worthy of the Goblin race. Very well, I will present the request before the Council. Both requests. I will inform you of any decision."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny stood up quickly. "Thank you, Sharptooth, for your willingness to hear us out," Harry extended his hand. Sharptooth took it, still slightly shaken by the conversation they had had. "May your gold ever flow."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth nodded regally. "And your enemies struck down before you," he delivered the parting line, before Harry and Ginny exited the office, to be escorted back to the lobby.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth watched them go, and waited until he was certain he was alone before he almost collapsed back into his seat. "Oh Ragnuk," he muttered under his breath.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">When Harry got home, he was pulled immediately into Minerva's office, where his guardian had him take a seat, which he did, somewhat nervously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Is everything all right?" he asked worriedly. "Has someone…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Not at all," Minerva assured him immediately. "I merely wished to speak with you about something." She waited for him to calm down slightly, before she continued. "As you are aware, over the summer I spend a good deal of time preparing for the year ahead. One of the decisions that must be made relates to the Head Boy and Girl. In the last few years, we've changed the way we pick those spots; previously, the choice was made by the headmaster; however, a few years ago, the professors took the proposal to Albus that the decision should be a group effort, and we began making the selection together. I mentioned two years ago that we prefer to speak with potential candidates who are also Captain of their House's Quidditch team before awarding any badges, to make certain that they can handle the responsibility."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry gaped for a moment. "Does that mean you're considering me for Head Boy?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva sighed exasperatedly. "Honestly, Harry, did you really think we had another top candidate in mind? When we looked at the Prefects and Captains, I will admit that Blaise was probably your only serious competition for the position, but you are our number one choice. Do you think you could handle being Head Boy as well as Quidditch Captain?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry closed his mouth with a snap, and spent a few moments considering. He knew he probably should have expected the offer, but it was still ingrained somewhere in his mind that he wasn't that remarkable. The last few years had gone a long way towards healing that self-doubt, but he knew he would probably always feel it on some level.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva waited patiently, until Harry looked back up, decision made. "I don't think I should be awarded both positions," he said honestly. Minerva nodded resignedly, somewhat expecting that answer. She knew that Harry wanted to give one hundred and fifty percent, and he couldn't do that if he had to split his focus between so many things. Harry bit his lip. "I'd like to be Head Boy, and I think Ron would be great as Quidditch Captain. He's got the right strategic mind for it, and the plays he helped me come up with last year worked really well."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva smiled gently. "It appears our minds are on the same page then. I would have made the exact same choice. Thank you for being honest, Harry, and not trying to do everything yourself."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "Both positions deserve someone who can commit to them. I wouldn't want to let either job slide because I couldn't devote enough time to them."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"You are wise beyond your years," Minerva said with a bigger smile. She stood up and gave Harry a hug. "You should go and wash up for supper, it should be ready soon."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded and rushed to do as she suggested.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The next day, Minerva and Sirius spent several hours questioning Neville, Susan, Luna, Harry, and Ginny about their research into the location of the Gaunt family home. Neither one was happy with the idea of letting the teenagers come along, but agreed reluctantly that they didn't have much choice.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius sighed and rubbed a hand across his face. "We said we understand," he reiterated, looking at his godson. "I didn't say we liked it. But we will allow you to come along. You and Ginny and Neville. That's it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan looked like she wanted to protest, but wisely held her tongue. They had had this conversation before, and she understood. She just wished she could be doing more. Luna simply nodded dreamily.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva cleared her throat. "Are you all right with letting Bill and Remus in on this search? We spoke of it the other day, but we didn't actually ask you if you agreed."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny shared a look, conversing silently, as the others watched, recognizing that it was their decision.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After a few moments, Harry looked at his guardians and nodded. "They both know Occlumency, and will understand the significance. Sharptooth told us that their Curse Breakers have come across horcruxes before."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius smiled slightly. "Perhaps Bill might have some new insights to bring to the table. Ginny, will you ask him to come by after work tomorrow evening? Impress on him the need for discretion."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded. "I'll let him know."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius sighed. "I'll speak with Remus and have him come by as well."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As it was almost dinner time, Ginny, Susan, Neville, and Luna returned to their homes, leaving Harry alone with his guardians.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip as he stood up, looking from Sirius to Minerva. "Thank you," he said simply. Sirius raised an eyebrow, and Harry shrugged. "I know that technically Ginny and I are adults because of the bond, but you still could have refused to let us in on the search. It means a lot that you trust us to be able to contribute."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius smiled softly. "We do trust you, Harry. You're a talented wizard, and we know that you'll have our back out in the field." He glanced at Minerva. "Besides, we know that if we refused to let you come, you and your friends would just go by yourselves."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled cheekily. "Have I mentioned how great it is that you know me so well?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius rolled his eyes. "You're my godson, Harry, it's my job to understand you. It's also my job to make sure you're safe, so please don't make me regret letting you come."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sobered immediately. "You won't," he promised. "We're going to do this, Sirius. Can't you feel how close we are? We've actually got a plan, and it's going to work."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Other than the fact that we're basically going to apparate somewhere and wander around in the hopes that we find what we're looking for," Sirius replied grimly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "Yeah, besides that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva leaned forward, her gaze concerned. "Harry, we know that you can handle yourself. You've proven several times that you can hold your own in a fight. But as your guardians, we don't want you in that position. We want you to be safe, or as safe as you can be. But we're not going to cage you to prevent you from ever getting hurt. We're trusting you, Harry. Please don't let us down."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry moved forward and gave her a tight hug, feeling her arms wrap around him and relishing in the feeling of parental love that she was displaying. He knew that she was worried for his safety, but he was also relieved that she wasn't trying to keep him from the fight. She and Sirius trusted him to act as an adult, and knew that, prophecy or not, he would be involved. He wanted Voldemort gone, and he wouldn't just stand aside and let someone else take over.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva sniffed softly as she stepped back. Muttering an excuse, she hurried out of the office. Sirius gave Harry a quick hug, before he headed towards the sitting room to use the Floo to return to the Bones Estate.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The next day, Molly trapped Ginny and Fleur at the Burrow, under the guise of working on their dresses for the wedding. She was making Fleur's wedding dress, as well as the bridesmaids dresses, for Ginny and Fleur's sister Gabrielle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As honored as she was by the offer, Fleur had been a little apprehensive at first, skeptical of the final product; but after a few fittings, she had completely changed her mind. Molly was a gifted seamstress, something the part-Veela supposed she shouldn't be too surprised about, considering how much practice the woman had had over the years. With the final weeks before the wedding quickly escaping them, Fleur was excited to see her dress coming to completion. The cut was simple and elegant; a deep v-neckline with straps about two inches wide. The cut in the back was even deeper than the front, and it hugged her tightly down to the waist, before flaring out slightly. It wasn't quite an A-line cut, but it wasn't as tight as a fit and flare style. There was a lace band at the natural waist before the dress flared, that tied in the back, in an elegant bow, with the tails trailing all the way down to the floor.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur had been disappointed at first to not have any embezzlement or sparkle on the dress, before Molly had had told her of her reasoning for not adding any – she didn't want anything to take away from Fleur's natural beauty. The lace band was a French style that Molly had felt would be a good way to bring Fleur's heritage into it; the veil she was making would match the lace.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny spent most of the morning entertaining herself by talking with Harry through their bond. She was happy for her favorite older brother, and she liked Fleur, but she was not a fan of dresses, and she was really not a fan of dress fittings.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry assured her that she would look beautiful in her silvery strapless dress, before he had to turn his attention to what he was doing. As he was just a few short weeks from seventeen, there was a good deal of paperwork and various other things he needed to look over in preparation to become Head of the Ancient and Noble House of Potter. Sirius would remain his proxy in the Wizengamot until he turned twenty five and could take his seat, but as of July Thirty First, Harry would be in charge of the Potter investments and holdings, and he needed to be ready.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly drew Ginny's attention back to the Burrow just as Harry wished her luck with the rest of the afternoon.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Nearly done, dear," she smiled up at Fleur from her position pinning the hemline. "You're going to look lovely."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur beamed. "Thank you so much for doing this, Molly. The dress is beautiful."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly radiated happiness. "You're so kind, Fleur dear. I can't wait to see the whole thing together. I've begun working on your veil, but I wanted to get the whole piece together before showing you. Our Auntie Muriel has a Goblin made tiara in her possession that she is willing to lend to you for the wedding."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur gasped lightly. "Oh that sounds wonderful, Molly! Please tell Muriel how much I appreciate it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly nodded, still smiling widely. "Of course. I would have told you sooner, but I wanted to make sure Muriel agreed first. The tiara is a Weasley family heirloom, and Muriel is very protective of it. But even she agreed that you should wear it, after a good deal of persuasion."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur bent down and gave Molly a hug. Startled, the Weasley matriarch returned the gesture. Pulling back, Fleur wiped her eyes gracefully. "Thank you for everything you've done for me, Molly. It means so much that you've welcomed me into your family like this."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly sniffed and stood up. "Think nothing of it, dear. Bill loves you, and so do we. We are so happy to have you here."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur smiled and nodded. She looked over at Ginny, and the soon-to-be sixth year returned the smile.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I'm glad you're here too, Fleur," Ginny assured her. "You make Bill happy, and you're a good friend to me and Harry."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur knew that there was no longer just 'Ginny', or just 'Harry'. There hadn't been since their bond had been activated. She had proven her trustworthiness by not telling anyone of the bond, though she was aware that they had informed their parents and guardians the previous summer.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly looked at her only daughter and sighed. "Let's get that dress off, Ginny, and then you can go see Harry."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny beamed and nodded eagerly, quickly disappearing upstairs to change into something more comfortable. Returning to the sitting room a few minutes later, she carefully handed her mother the heavily pinned silver dress. "Thanks mum. Harry's going over some Head of House things this afternoon, and I'd like to help him out."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly bit her lip, observing her daughter. She knew that Ginny would be a part of those Head of House decisions in the very near future, since technically, as soon as Harry turned seventeen and officially took over the House of Potter, Ginny would be the new Lady Potter. But it was somewhat sobering to realize that her daughter was just that much closer to leaving her home forever.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She nodded slightly, and watched as Ginny disappeared through the Floo.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur rested a hand on her shoulder. "Ginny will always be your daughter, Molly." She somehow knew exactly what was going through Molly's mind, something the older woman was both appreciative of and startled by. "She and Harry are one, but that doesn't mean she loves you any less. I am certain that they will be coming back to the Burrow frequently."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly smiled up at her soon to be daughter-in-law. "Thank you, Fleur. I do know that, but it is good to hear it from someone else. You are right, they will always be around. I have to believe that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fleur gave her another hug, before the two woman finished up for the afternoon, so that Molly could get a start on supper.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill felt no small amount of trepidation and confusion as he Flooed directly from work to McGonagall Castle that evening. He had told his fiancée and his mother that he would be late coming home, letting them infer that it was simply going to be a long day at the office. He wasn't quite sure why Ginny had told him not to speak of their meeting to anyone, subtly hinting that he should make sure his Occlumency shields were up to snuff, but he trusted his sister, and if she said the need for discretion was mandatory, he would believe that.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He met Minerva in the sitting room, and followed her to an office several floors up. Ginny, Harry, Neville, Remus, and Sirius were waiting for them, with dinner laid out and ready to eat. The office furniture had been pushed aside, and a table was set up with places for all of them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"We picked this room because it is a good distance away from the Floo, and it already has privacy wards sown into it," Minerva informed him. "It isn't feasible to ward the dining room, so we thought we'd eat here. I hope you're hungry?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Famished," Bill assured her. "I didn't get a chance to eat lunch today."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius offered him a bowl of potatoes, which Bill took eagerly, and the group settled in to eat.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Over the meal, they discussed the reason all of them were there.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill observed the rest with interest. "So what's going on here? Why did you need to speak with me?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius looked immediately to the teenagers, and taking the cue, Harry began to speak, bringing his pseudo uncle and his… brother-in-law… up to speed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When he finished, Bill and Remus were speechless for several moments,</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After nearly a minute, Bill let out a long sigh. "Merlin's ghost," he muttered, amazed. "It all makes so much sense. And it's horrifying." He looked between Harry and Ginny. "You guys discovered this?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded grimly. "We've been doing a lot of research at school over the last year. We think there might be a horcrux outside of Little Hangleton, but we don't know exactly where. We're hoping you two will come with us to check it out. You both have experience in dealing with dark artefacts and curses."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill chuckled, nodding amusedly. "I'm happy to help. I can't believe you've figured out how to stop him."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "It was a group effort," he deflected. "And we've still got a lot of work to do, but I think we're all a little excited about the possibilities."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill nodded again, this time eagerly. "Like I said, I'm happy to help. Let me know when you're going, and I'll make sure to get the time off."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled. "Thanks. I'll talk to Sharptooth at Gringotts, and he'll clear it with your bosses. He knows what we're doing, and he'll make sure your bosses let you off."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill returned the smile. He knew that Sharptooth was one of the highest Managers at the bank, though he hadn't quite been aware of the fact that he was Harry's manager. He guessed that it made sense, though. The Potter Family Manager would indeed be a high level position.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus leaned forward in his seat. "Thank you for telling me as well," his eyes were tired but his expression was grateful. "And Bill is right in that what you have done is monumental. I am, of course, happy to lend assistance."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry grinned appreciatively. "Thanks."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius sighed. "We still don't know exactly when we're going to go, but it will be before the wedding. If that's all right?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill nodded immediately. "Thank you," he replied, slightly relieved. "I'll be glad to get this out of the way beforehand, so I don't have to worry about it after."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny smirked. "Scared of upsetting your Veela during the honeymoon?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill colored slightly. "We're not really taking a honeymoon in the traditional sense," he admitted. "We decided to save a real trip for when the war is over. For now, we're both needed here."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva smiled softly. "Very responsible of you, Bill. We all thank you for your dedication to the cause."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius nodded. "I understand," he said, and they all knew he did. He and Amelia had made the same decision to hold off on a lengthy honeymoon as well. "When you do go, let me know where you're thinking. The Black Family has many properties around Europe and the Mediterranean, any of which I would be happy to lend you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill gaped for a moment, before nodding. "Thanks."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny coughed. "We should get home before mum has a fit," she reminded him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Bill winced and nodded quickly. "You're right," he agreed, standing up. "Thank you for bringing me into this. We'll see you later."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all nodded and said their goodbyes before the two Weasleys headed to the Floo.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">At the next meeting of their circle that weekend, the twins presented their completed listening devices, to congratulations all around.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Thanks to the notes Harry gave us, and with dad helping, we've got them to work off of passive magic," Fred beamed. "We ended up enchanting muggle batteries and shielding them, to get them to work without active magic powering it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Lots of little details," George brushed off. "But the important part is that they work. If Professor Snape can plant them at the next Death Eater meeting, they should come in handy."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape nodded slightly. "I will do my best, and let you know when they're in place.  Is there anything I need to do to activate them?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">George shook his head.  "We just need to activate the recording device, from our end.  You don't need to do anything but get them in the room."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">That was more than enough for Snape, who knew what would happen if he got caught.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">With that, they moved on to other topics.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The next afternoon, Sirius apparated to a familiar dilapidated old house. He looked around nostalgically, remembering the nights he had spent at school, running around the grounds with a werewolf.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Shaking himself off, he left the Shrieking Shack, but didn't go far.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A few minutes later, Narcissa appeared as if from nowhere. She brushed herself off regally, and glanced at the rundown shack, before turning her attention to her cousin. "Sirius," she murmured as soon as she was close enough to not have to shout.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius nodded austerely, and held out his hand. Narcissa placed hers in it, and the Black Lord raised it to his lips, brushing a light kiss across the knuckles. "Cousin. You're looking well."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa barely refrained from rolling her eyes. "Lying is unseemly, Sirius," she replied, arching one perfectly groomed eyebrow.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius chuckled. "Noted." He glanced around at the dreary setting, and then turned back to Narcissa. "I apologize for the scenery. I thought it best to meet somewhere without people nearby, and neutral. Forgive me for saying that I do not trust you enough yet to allow you to my home."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa nodded. "I understand. Has Severus told you everything?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius inclined his head. "He's told me that your son has taken the mark. I have already removed Draco from the Black Family tree. But what we're here for today is to decide what I should do, as Head of the Black Family, concerning you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa bit her lip, looking suddenly unsure. Sirius wasn't sure he had ever seen her looking so uncertain before. Even when they were younger, she had always seemed so regal.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I don't want to be a Malfoy anymore," Narcissa admitted softly. "Not when the family has descended to… this." Sirius raised an eyebrow, and the – hopefully soon-to-be former – Lady Malfoy continued. "When I met him, I thought Lucius would be a good husband and father. He didn't bow to anyone. But I was wrong. He did, I just didn't see it that way when I was younger."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"So what's changed?" Sirius asked, trying not to show any emotion. He wanted to hear Narcissa's story before he made any decision.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa sighed, her eyes softening slightly, a few tears showing themselves. "The Dark Lord does not show mercy. When I married Lucius, I thought he was leading us into the future of the wizarding world, but all he was doing was destroying it. You were the smart one all along, Sirius. You grew up in this family, but you didn't let them sway you from your own beliefs. I see now that you had the right of it all along. The Dark Lord preaches purity and magic above everything else, but he never told us what the cost would be. I might believe that blood matters, and magical blood should remain pure, but I am not willing to kill for my ideals. Perhaps that is wrong to you, but it is how I feel."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius almost smiled. "Thank you for your honesty, Narcissa. I will not force you to change your every belief in order to rejoin the Black Family. It is enough for me for you to renounce the Dark Lord and swear to do no harm against the Black Family or their friends."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa nodded. "I will swear that vow. Thank you for not forcing me to fight. I was a Slytherin, after all."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius smirked. "Yes, I remember. Self-preservation, as opposed to my Gryffindorish rash tendencies. I will not turn away any help you want to give, but I will not force you to fight."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa smiled gently. "Thank you," she said again. "Perhaps I will consider aiding in brewing potions, or something of the sort. Severus said you would be a good side of this war to turn to, even if we weren't related."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius nodded, feeling his teeth clench at the thought of Dumbledore and everything he was responsible for. "Yes, Albus certainly has his faults. Severus approached me because he knew that my assistance would come with no strings attached." He shook himself off and focused on Narcissa. "I will go to Gringotts and have your marriage to Lord Malfoy dissolved, and reinstate you as Narcissa Black. Should you need a place to stay, I can arrange that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcisa smiled, a few tears leaking out. "Thank you, Sirius, for everything. I believe I will need a place."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius rested a hand on her shoulder. "It will be all right. Go back to Malfoy Manor, and pack anything you can't live without. Try not to draw Lucius' attention, and when you can get away with no one the wiser, apparate to the Leaky Cauldron and send me a message. I will get you to a safe house."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa then did something that surprised both of them. She reached out and grasped Sirius in a tight hug. "Thank you," she whispered. "Thank you so much."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius nodded and patted her back. They separated a moment later, and the two disapparated to return to their lives.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry folded up the reply he had just received from Healer Winsby, thinking hard. The Healer had been willing to consider the idea he had of rebuilding the mind, and thought that it may actually work, though she did have a few reservations. It wasn't just about going in with Legilimancy, there had to be something to start with. She cautioned him that he wouldn't have any success if there was no part of the sane mind left, and she wondered if there was anyone strong or powerful enough to actually succeed. And she vehemently refused to allow him to try his theory out without the permission of the caregiver.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry was still deep in thought when Ginny found him in the library.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"What's going on?" she asked, taking a seat next to him, knowing what he was thinking about but wanting him to talk to her about it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked up quickly, and smiled softly at his wife. "Hey," he greeted. Ginny raised an eyebrow, and he shrugged, glancing down at the folded up letter in his hands. "A reply from Healer Winsby. But you already knew that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded. "Work it out with me, Harry. What are you thinking?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed. "I think my idea will work, but only if I have enough power, and only if there's still a piece of Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom left in there. How do I know that the Cruciatus Curse hasn't destroyed their minds completely?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"You don't," Ginny replied simply. "But when has that ever stopped you?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry chuckled slightly. "You're right."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny smirked. "Aren't I always?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded immediately. Of course, dear."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny shook her head slightly. "So tell me what you're planning."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip, looking back at the letter. "I just keep coming back to the 'if someone is powerful enough' part. I know I'm stronger than the average wizard, but for some reason, I don't think that's exactly what Healer Winsby is talking about. Or at least, I don't think that's the kind of power that will work."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"So what do you think?" Ginny asked reasonably.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed. "The Cruciatus Curse is the manifestation of dark magic. It is truly evil, and requires intense hate to cast. So what could combat it?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny furrowed her brow. "Light magic, something rooted in love or happiness."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded eagerly. "By myself, I don't think I could reverse the effects, but together…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny gasped. "You think our bond would be enough."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded again. "What better to combat the manifestation of evil than the manifestation of true love? That's what our soul bond is, right?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded slowly. "In theory, it sounds like it would work," she agreed. "Of course, without actually testing it, we can't be certain."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"So will you help me test it?" Harry asked, taking her hand in his and squeezing tightly. "Help me try and give Neville his parents back? I can guide you in with Legilimancy, and together, we can heal them."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny smiled and leaned forward, giving Harry a kiss. "We're a team, Harry, remember? Of course I'll help with this."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry grinned, and returned the kiss. "Great. Now that that's settled, we should get going. We're meeting the others in a few minutes."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded, and the two headed up to the Floo. There, they waited until all their friends joined them. It took about ten minutes for everyone to show up, and after casting several glamour charms, they Flooed to the Leaky Cauldron.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was a rather large group, and they knew they would attract some attention, so they hurried quickly out the door as they Flooed in, meeting in an alley a few doors down.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">This outing had taken a good deal of planning and no small amount of pleading, but eventually, the adults had caved in and let Harry and his friends go to a movie in muggle London. Surprisingly it had been Remus who had gotten the rest to agree to let them go. He understood that the teenagers needed some time to relax, and it would be a good experience for the purebloods. Astoria had loved watching movies in the Entertainment Suite at McGonagall Castle, and had clung to the suggestion Harry had made of going to see a movie in a real theatre, begging her father to comply.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Most of the adults were understandably against the outing, considering what had happened the last time Harry and Ginny had gone to see a movie, but after a good deal of persuasion, they consented, and allowed the trip to take place.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">And that was how the large group was now heading to a theatre a few blocks away from the Leaky Cauldron to see <em class="calibre9">Liar Liar</em>.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry, Ginny, and Hermione had told the rest about what seeing a movie in the theatre was like, and they were all excited. It was nice to have an evening off, and this was a great new experience for most of them. Harry knew that tomorrow, they would need to get back to the war, but for right now, they were a group of friends out enjoying a warm summer evening.</p>
          <p class="calibre7"> </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_6"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_002.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_004.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
