<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_024.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_026.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_26">Chapter 24</h2>


    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Notes</p>
      <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">NINETEEN YEARS LATER</p></blockquote>
</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">The end of summer came extraordinarily quickly this year. Indeed, for the family winding its way quickly through the masses of muggles at the train station in London, it seemed as if they had merely closed their eyes in June, and woken up in September.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Perhaps that was because this school year was a year of firsts and lasts.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry Potter smiled fondly at his son, while his youngest daughter clutched his hand tighter.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Daddy, what if I'm not sorted at all?" Lily Luna Potter whispered, as her mother, Ginny Potter, gestured for her big brother James to go through the barrier first.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked down at his bright young girl. "I have every confidence you'll be sorted, Lily," he said comfortingly. "Just last week you turned James' hair green because he took away your Potions textbook. Remember?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Indeed, Lily did remember, it was just so nerve-wracking. She had watched her older siblings take this trip for years, and now, finally, it was her turn.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry squeezed her hand reassuringly. "It's all right to be nervous, Lily. I know I was."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lily looked comforted by that fact, as Ginny called their attention back to the magical barrier hiding Platform Nine and Three Quarters from view.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Tori, Ronnie, you two go through together," she instructed. "We'll be right behind you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The twins, Victoria Hermione Potter and Veronica Susan Potter, nodded as one and headed towards the barrier at a brisk walk.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">With one last glance at her husband and youngest daughter, Ginny followed the twins. Harry kept his grip on Lily's hand as he guided her through right behind the rest of their family.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lily closed her eyes as they drew closer, waiting for the crash that never happened. She had made this journey many times before, but it just seemed so much more real, now that she would be getting on the train as well.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When she opened her eyes again, they were on the other side. All around them students and parents were talking, laughing, yelling, or searching for friends they hadn't seen all summer. She grinned up at her father, who smiled back proudly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Come on," he said, tugging her forward. "Let's find you all a good compartment."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They walked along the train for a few minutes before finding several empty compartments, and Harry helped Lily get her trunk and new tawny owl – a congratulatory present from Ginny and Harry for getting her Hogwarts acceptance letter – stowed in one of them, before they headed back out onto the platform to wait for the others to show up. Harry made sure to ward off the block of compartments, knowing that the kids would all want to sit near each other, and there were quite a few of them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lily was peering around the platform nervously. "Where are they?" she asked worriedly. "Shouldn't they be here by now?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny smiled comfortingly. "Don't worry, dear, it's still early. They'll be here."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Hey mum, look who we found!" The twins were back, and dragging with them Ron and Hermione's children, Duncan and Juliet.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny smiled and greeted their niece and nephew. "You two looking forward to the school year?" Harry asked, glancing behind the pair for their parents, who were making their way in the same direction, albeit at a slower pace.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Duncan nodded eagerly. "I can't wait to get back to Arithmancy," he said, beaming at his godfather. "And Potions, and Transfiguration, and –"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"We get it, you're a nerd," Juliet glared at him. "I can't wait until Quidditch tryouts," she grinned at her aunt and uncle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head fondly, marveling at the duo and the qualities they had gotten from their parents. Duncan was purely Hermione, while Juliet had gotten all of Ron's passion for Quidditch. He had fully expected Duncan to ask for permission to take on all the electives in his third year, until Hermione had talked him out of it, explaining her own poor decision in that regard. Juliet, going into her second year this September, was much happier on the Pitch than in the library.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"All right there, Harry, Ginny?" Ron asked, as he and Hermione finally caught up to their kids.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The Potters nodded agreeably, as the kids began talking about the coming year, moving a short distance away from their parents.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I'm surprised you were able to get away for the morning," Hermione commented, looking at Harry. "Aren't you quite busy?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. It was true that his position as Head of the DMLE kept him occupied, but he wasn't about to miss seeing James off for the final time, or seeing Lily get on the train for the first.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">His life had really been quite action packed, and hadn't slowed down since his defeat of Voldemort nineteen years earlier.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There had been a time where he would have balked at even the thought of continuing to hunt down Death Eaters, but some distance had cleared his head, and he knew that he wanted to continue to protect the wizarding world. His year as the flying instructor, immediately following the war, kept him at Hogwarts and able to be with Ginny, as well as provided him a chance to unwind and get used to not having a megalomaniac after him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After Ginny had graduated, the goblins had approved his request to travel to Egypt to join Bill and Fleur, who had left a few months before, to get some more hands on experience. Harry and Ginny had spent that summer learning how to break curses, and exploring ancient tombs. Though it was a good deal of fun as well as educational, by the end of the summer, Harry knew that he didn't want to pursue that profession. So when Ginny returned to England in September, Harry went with her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Once home, he had immediately applied to become an Auror, and been accepted almost before he had managed to get the request for an application out. At that point, they had still been condensing the training period down to one year, rather than three, in order to fill out the depleted Auror corps. He had graduated at the top of his class, and after five years on the job, been promoted to Head Auror.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Just three years after that, a skirmish with some dark wizards had left Kingsley with a permanent limp. Choosing to take the opportunity to retire, the man had put forth Harry for promotion, which was how he had found himself as the youngest Head of the DMLE in history.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Even through all of his deeds on the job, Harry would say that his biggest accomplishments were the four children he and Ginny had brought into this world.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny glanced over at him. <em class="calibre9">We did do some good work, didn't we Potter,</em> she grinned.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled back and nodded slightly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny had also had a busy time of it, between pregnancies and playing as a chaser for the Holyhead Harpies. Like Gwenog Jones had suggested, she had received an offer for the vacant reserve chaser spot for the Holyhead Harpies immediately upon graduation. Due to an injury several months into the playing season, Ginny had been moved up to a starting position. She and Harry had had to time the kids around her career, but Ginny was on the record books as scoring the most goals in a season, a title she achieved in her third season with the Harpies. After she had Lily, she had chosen to retire from active play, and took a job in the Department of Magical Games and Sports.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Realizing that Hermione was still waiting for an answer, Harry turned back to her, and shrugged lightly. "It's James' last train ride, and Lily's first."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione nodded, not needing any more explanation than that. It was an important milestone for both kids.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled softly, knowing that she understood completely. "Have you seen any of the others?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione shook her head. "Not yet, but we only just got here. They'll all show up, we've still got nearly twenty minutes before the train departs."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry knew she was right. "Did you have any trouble parking, or did you just Floo in?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione rolled her eyes in her husband's direction. "I wanted to drive, but Ron seemed to think it was beneath us to use muggle transportation."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I didn't say that!" Ron protested. "I just said it was easier to Floo!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny traded a knowing look as the duo descended into yet another row. One would think that after nearly sixteen years of marriage they would have mellowed slightly, but they still argued like school children at times.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Anyway," Ron turned back to Harry and Ginny, having clearly decided that arguing wouldn't do anyone any good right now, "I have the time off with the season finished, but Hermione insisted on coming, even though she should be at the castle already."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione rolled her eyes again. "I wanted to see my children off to school!" she protested.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron glanced at her. "You're going to see them again in a few hours!" he shot back.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head, amused. Ron had just returned from a short victory tour with the English National Quidditch team, which had just won the World Cup in Athens a few weeks earlier. Ron had had a very successful career in the sports world. He had held the reserve keeper position for the Appleby Arrows for one year, before being moved up to the starting keeper position. He played three seasons as starting keeper before the coach retired, and they offered Ron the job. Of the seven seasons that he had coached the Arrows, they had won six.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He had then moved on to the Chudley Cannons, a surprising move to many, as he had been with a successful team for years, only to step down and coach a team that hadn't won a season in over two decades. But he had proved his worth without a doubt, and led the Cannons to three consecutive victorious seasons.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Five years ago, he had been offered the coaching position for the English National team, a job he had jumped on immediately, and led the team to fourth place overall in the league two years ago, third place last year, and rounded it off by winning the World Cup this year.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">In between coaching, he also worked with Harry and their other friends in the Wizengamot, trying to bring the wizarding world up to current times, and get rid of many laws that were only holding them back. They had been very successful, and most of the laws that inhibited muggleborns had been overturned, as had many of the restrictions on many magical creatures, such as vampires, goblins, house elves, and werewolves. Some people had been hesitant, but there was no denying that their world was a much better place, thanks to the changes that Harry's generation had brought.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione, on the other hand, had chosen to go completely studious. After graduating with straight O's across the board, she had studied for four years to complete an Arithmancy Mastery, and then, after taking a few years off, accepted Minerva's offer to help her complete a Transfiguration Mastery. It had taken her five years to complete that one, mostly because she had also become a mother to her son, Duncan, and then to Juliet a couple years later, and couldn't devote one hundred percent of her time to her studies.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After the completion of her second Mastery, Minerva had offered her the upcoming vacant position as Arithmancy professor, as Professor Vector was retiring. So for the last seven years, she had been teaching Arithmancy at Hogwarts. In her spare time, she liked to work on spell creation; she and Harry had spent many a weekend working to design new spells, bonding even further over their shared love of Arithmancy. Even though Harry hadn't continued with his formal education in the field, he loved to read, and Hermione had always been willing to share everything she had learned.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"What are they arguing about now?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced over and nodded a greeting to Neville and Susan, who had just arrived.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I'm not entirely sure anymore," he commented. "First it was Ron's desire to take the Floo, then Hermione's desire to see her children off rather than wait until they arrive at the school…" He looked at his oldest friends, who now seemed to be arguing over whether owls or cats made better pets.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan rolled her eyes. "Typical," she muttered, but there was a smile on her face. "Sorry we're a little later than planned. I didn't want to leave the office until I knew that Hatchet could handle it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed. Terrance Hatchet was a good Auror and a good man, but he didn't do too well in an authority role. Unfortunately, with everyone either seeing their children off today, or assigned patrol areas and duties outside of the office, Hatchet was the most senior official left at the DMLE office, and it fell to him to act as Head until Harry returned. Normally, if Harry was leaving the office for an extended period of time, he would have left Susan, as Head Auror, in command, but Susan was also here, seeing her children off.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan nodded knowingly. "Yeah, I think he'll be all right, but I'm hoping that nothing too severe happens this morning."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "If something does, I'm sure we'll know soon enough."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan opened her mouth, but then changed direction. "Frankie, I swear, if you put that frog in that girl's pocket you will be grounded until you're married!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Francis – or Frankie – Edgar Longbottom withdrew his hand immediately and turned back to his mother. "I wasn't going to do anything!" he claimed innocently, but none of them bought it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan growled. "I blame Fred and George. Where else could he get his pranking nature from?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry chuckled but didn't reply. Elisa tugged on her mother's hand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Mum, can I go say hi to Lily?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan nodded, smiling. "Of course, dear. Just be careful."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Elisa scampered off towards Lily, and the two girls began whispering and giggling.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan watched fondly. "They grow up so fast."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville slung an arm across her shoulders. "I know. I just wish I could keep her with me and safe from the world." He glanced at his fifteen-year-old son. "Him, I wish I could give to Fred and George, and let them reap the benefits of their actions. Why did they have to turn my son into a prankster?!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry snorted. "More likely, the three of them would just burn the world down with Weasleys Wizarding Whizbangs."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Did we hear –"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Someone calling us?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The adults turned and greeted Fred and George, as well as their respective wives – in a move that had surprised no one, Fred had proposed to Angelina Johnson shortly after Harry and Ginny's wedding. Just after that, George had proposed to Alicia Spinnet, and a few months later, the two had wed in a rather large and ostentatious double wedding.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It constantly amused Harry that the duo had had kids within a few months of each other, a set of twins each.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Honestly though, the twin part wasn't that surprising. Twins seemed to run in the Prewett line, something Molly had told him when he and Ginny had found out about Ronnie and Tori.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was, however, annoying for Harry and Ginny to have to deal with their eldest son, who had been corrupted at an early age, by Fred's Bryce and Braxton, and George's Brigit and Bryan. As they were all the same age, they immediately became friends, clicking much the way Harry and Ron had, right from the start.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville rolled his eyes. "We were just bemoaning the fact that you've corrupted my son."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry snorted. "Bad enough you already got to James, you had to get Frankie too?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fred and George beamed. "What's life without pranks?" they chorused in unison, before each being smacked in the stomach by their wives. "Oof!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville sighed. "Do you know how many times I've had to go to Minerva's office to deal with some prank Frankie was involved in? And more often than not, both sets of twins were in on it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head. "I'm glad I'm not there full time," he commented. "It's bad enough to get letters from Minerva about how much like his uncles James is. I made the mistake once of asking which uncle."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"What did she say?" Fred asked curiously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glared at him. "All of them. Sirius, Remus, you two, you're all bad influences."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Be thankful it's just letters," Neville advised. As the Herbology professor, a position he had obtained when Pomona had decided to retire nine years ago, Minerva didn't need to waste time sending him a letter. She just had to summon him to the Headmistress' office, and tell him in great detail about his son's most recent exploits.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I hear complaining," Blaise commented as he and Luna joined them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville shrugged. "Just idle moaning. Nothing to worry about."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise snorted, and Luna peered at him curiously. "Have the humblingers gotten to you?" she asked seriously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville shook his head but didn't reply.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Mari, don't wander off!" Blaise called out to his twelve-year-old daughter, as she tried to slip away from her parents.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Maricella Cordelia Zabini – or Mari – turned back and pouted. "I was just going to say hi to Jules," she explained, pointing at the large group of kids congregated a short distance away from the adults.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise looked at the group and then nodded. "Stay close to them," he ordered. Mari nodded and then ran off.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Anahita – or Ana – their eldest daughter looked at her father. "May I go too?" she asked politely.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise smiled. "Of course."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ana grinned and gave her father a hug before she went to join the large group, which absorbed her immediately.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Luna continued to hold onto the hand of their youngest child, Halcyon, who at ten years old would have to wait another year before he took the train as well, a fact that had him quite put out.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I tell you, it was quite difficult to get this morning off," Blaise commented idly. "You'd think they'd understand, it being the First of September, but for some reason, St. Mungos doesn't seem to care about that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise had worked hard to become a healer, and had recently been promoted to Head Healer for the Spell Damage floor.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Luna squeezed his hand reassuringly. "We're all glad you managed it, dear," she gave him a peck on the cheek.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise smiled down at his wife, who had had her own issues getting the morning off. Luna was the Head of the Investigative Creatures Division of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, an office that she had helped to found after graduation. With the creation of the division, she spent her days searching for new mythical creatures, and proving their existence.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Halcyon stomped his foot. "I want to go," he grumbled.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise glanced down at his son. "Hal, if you don't stop your whining you won't be getting dessert for a week. You will go to Hogwarts when you turn eleven, just like everyone else."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hal pouted, but didn't say anything, knowing that when his father used that tone, it was time to listen.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Tough love," Daphne commented as she joined them, her twelve year old son Matthew trailing behind her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all smiled as Matthew took off immediately to join the rest of the kids.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Where's Colin?" Harry asked, kissing her cheek in greeting.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Parking the car," Daphne replied, glancing around the platform.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. Those two had a very strange relationship, he had to admit. They had dated off and on during their school years, and while Daphne was studying for five years to complete her Potions Mastery. On the day she had received her certification, she had given Colin an ultimatum: either he asks her to marry him already, or they break up. Unsurprisingly, they had gotten married.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Shortly after that, Cyrus had officially claimed Colin as his heir, so that the Greengrass name would continue on. Colin was just happy that his new title wouldn't mean he had to give up his job as a photographer for the <em class="calibre9">Daily Prophet</em>.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Daphne looked at Harry. "We passed Remus and Tonks on our way in, so they should be here soon." She snorted. "They were busy waiting for Teddy and Sol to snap out of their own little world long enough to realize that the reason for being here is to see their siblings off to school."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head fondly. Teddy and Sol – Remus and Tonks, and Bill and Fleur's eldest children, respectively – had graduated the year before, and had begun dating during their fourth year. The two had been nearly inseparable ever since. Harry was actually surprised that Teddy hadn't popped the question yet.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny glanced at her watch. "They had better hurry," she commented. "The train leaves soon."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Here they are," Ron nodded at the exit to the muggle side of the station. Remus was practically pulling Teddy along by the forearm. The teenager's other hand was still firmly clasped around his girlfriend's.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Tonks was busy escorting their daughters Carina and Quinn, in their sixth and third years, respectively.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Colin slipped in quietly behind the older couple, and made his way to Daphne's side, sliding an arm around her waist as he kissed her cheek before greeting the rest of the group.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus nodded exasperatedly at Harry, while Tonks fussed over their daughters for a few moments, before reluctantly releasing them to join their friends, though not before making sure they greeted their extended family properly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus kept a firm grip on Teddy, while Sol was pulled away by her own father, who had appeared quite suddenly, nodding a greeting to the rest before returning himself and Sol to Fleur, who was making sure their youngest daughter, fourteen year old Dominique, had everything she would need for the term. Bill and Fleur had kept their family in Egypt until just a couple of years before Sol was to begin schooling. Harry had almost expected them to remain and send their children to a wizarding school in Africa or the Middle East, but Bill had assured the whole family that Hogwarts was the only place they had considered when it came to their children's education. Even Fleur had admitted that Beaubaxton's wasn't an option, considering their entire family would be attending school in Britain. Which was why they requested a transfer back to England when Sol was eight, to give her plenty of time to acclimate herself to the new culture. Though they had visited the family for holidays before, she had never actually lived in Britain – when Bill and Fleur had left for Egypt a few months after Harry and Ginny's wedding, Fleur had already been pregnant, not that they had known it at the time.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Though the whole family had enjoyed Egypt a great deal, Bill assured everyone that they were in England to stay. Neither he nor Fleur really felt the need to go back to living abroad; why would they, after all, when their whole family was in Britain?</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Everything all right, Remus?" Harry chuckled.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus growled in annoyance and glared at his son. "I got enough of dragging you two out of broom cupboards when you were in school, why can't you keep it to a minimum in public areas?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Teddy just smiled. "Like you and mum are any better."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus turned red, and didn't seem to have a response, while the rest of the group laughed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione looked at Remus. "I thought you would be staying at the castle this morning," she commented.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus shrugged. "Minerva said there wasn't much need for the professors to arrive until noon. It gives all of us with kids a chance to see them off, even if we'll be seeing them in a few hours anyway. Tradition and all."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione nodded understandingly, smiling at her fellow professor. Remus had been a beloved Defense professor for nineteen years now, and it was pretty obvious that he was good at it. Looking at him, confident and content, married with three children, no one would ever guess that he was a werewolf, even if it was common knowledge by now. Harry's redesigned Wolfsbane potion had made the transformation much easier on his mind and body, and he looked like a man his age should, rather than years older. He no longer had to take days off every month to recover, just needing the day of the full moon, before returning to his job immediately after. He made sure all the students were aware of his condition, and even if it was nerve-wracking for him, given the prejudices that the wizarding world had held for so long, the truth was, very few people really cared. His students thought he was a great teacher, and slowly, Remus was letting go of his own fears that he would be ostracized for something outside of his control. He had even appeared as a guest speaker in Hagrid's NEWT class a few times, to teach about werewolves.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry, Hermione, and Snape had spent a good deal of time trying to work on a cure for lycanthropy, but after nearly two decades, they had yet to find one. Nonetheless, Remus assured them that what they had done for his kind with the Wolfsbane potion – including setting up a fund to allow all werewolves access to the potion, no matter if they could pay or not – was more than enough. It was their research and efforts that had given Harry and his friends in the Wizengamot the access they needed to push for a reform of werewolf rights.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Teddy pouted a little as he kept his gaze on his girlfriend, a short distance away with her family. Sol kept glancing at him as well. She winked in his direction, and he grinned, his hair changing from turquoise to pink and back. Remus rolled his eyes and lightly smacked the back of his son's head.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">James, turning back to check in with the adults, saw the addition of his cousin, and grinned, gesturing for him to join them. His own dark hair briefly shifted to Weasley red and Tonks pink, before he settled on turquoise, just like Teddy.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed. "James, pick a color and stick to it," he called out.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">James shrugged and smirked, as Teddy pulled himself out of his father's grasp and went to join the group of kids.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus and Harry shared an exasperated look. As Sirius had informed them, as soon as both of their kids had shown signs of being metamorphmagi, the gene was in the Black family. It was easier to see where Teddy had gotten it from, but it had been a bit of a shock to Harry. As his grandmother had been a Black, though, Sirius had told him that it was always a possibility.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Remus looked around, and nodded a greeting at the newest family to appear, as if out of nowhere.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Severus didn't join the group, but he did acknowledge their greetings as he passed them with his wife and their daughter, Amber, who was going into her fourth year.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">That union had surprised a lot of people, but as Snape had put it, you don't choose who you fall in love with, and everyone could agree that the woman in question, Joanne, ironically enough a muggle author of fairytale stories, was good for the Potions master. Joanne had loved becoming a part of the wizarding world, and had already gotten several ideas for new books. She was completely fascinated by this mythical world, and ecstatic when their daughter showed early signs of being a witch.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced at his watch now, and looked around the platform. He whistled at the group of kids that had grown exponentially as each of his friends had arrived with their families. They all turned to look at him and he jerked his head to the train. "Five minutes," he informed them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They nodded and went over to the adults to collect their belongings and say goodbye to their parents before getting on the train.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny hugged their children, and offered up farewells to their extended family as well.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny watched fondly as Lily grasped Harry in a tight embrace. Harry just smiled and rubbed her back comfortingly. "It'll be all right, Lils," he assured her. "You've got your brother and sisters there, and if you need anything at all, Uncle Remus, Aunt Hermione, Uncle Neville, and Grandma Minnie are all there as well."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry had teased Minerva mercilessly when James had called her Grandma Minnie, when he had been just three years old. Though Minerva had glared heavily at her adoptive nephew, she secretly loved being called 'grandma.' The term of endearment had stuck, and all of the Potter kids called the stern headmistress by the familial term. They were the only ones that could get away with calling her Minnie, as well, not that Fred and George hadn't tried.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lily nodded hesitantly, and pulled away. "And you won't be mad if I'm not in Gryffindor?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head quickly, squatting down so that he was eye level with his daughter. "Lily, I don't care where you get sorted, as long as you're happy. If you have any preferences though, the sorting hat will take your desire into account."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lily looked at him with wide eyes. "Really?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. "It did for me," he said softly, smiling comfortingly. "Now, go get on that train, or it'll leave without you!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lily giggled, but quickly followed the large group of kids onto the scarlet train.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry stood up and shared a knowing look with his wife, before he glanced back at the exit. "They're going to miss the train," he muttered. "You'd think he'd plan ahead enough to actually get here early just once."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny chuckled. "You've known the man how long, and you actually think he's capable of being early?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "Fair enough."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Just two minutes before eleven, the last family burst through the barrier, walking quickly towards Harry and the rest of the group.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Sorry," Sirius gasped. "I was working on some family business, and lost track of time."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They nodded in understanding, though a few shook their heads in exasperation, used to the man's tardiness by now. In seven years, not once had the Black family actually managed to get to the platform more than five minutes before the train was to depart. If Harry didn't know any better, he'd say that the Weasley tardiness had shifted over to the Blacks.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Amelia rolled her eyes, and then hugged Harry and Susan. "I swear, I'm getting too old for this," she muttered. "All I want to do is see my daughter off for her last year, and it's like the damn inquisition! How are you getting there, we need to delegate a guard, you can't leave yet, we're not prepared! I had to threaten to arrest some of them before they'd just let me leave!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan chuckled and Harry snorted. "I told them you didn't need a guard to come to the station," he said. "It didn't make sense, since you're just Flooing here and walking twenty yards to the platform. Plus, you've got plenty of Aurors here already, including the Head of the DMLE and Head Auror. They're just blowing smoke." In addition to himself, Susan, and Tonks, there were at least half a dozen other Aurors who were seeing their kids off this morning.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Amelia nodded quickly. "Exactly! But everything is a battle with my Undersecretary. It's like she's terrified I'm going to step off a curb and get hit by a bus."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry had to hold in a laugh. "Well, buses can be very dangerous. I seem to recall an incident before my third year involving some very quick reflexes saving me from becoming one with the pavement." He paused briefly and considered. "Though, to be fair, it really was Sirius' fault, showing up like a giant grim and scaring the living daylights out of me."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius chuckled, while Amelia growled and shoved him lightly, before turning to her daughter and giving her a hug, sniffing loudly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Maia Black patted her mother's back soothingly. "It's all right, mum, I'll always be your little girl."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Amelia nodded, smiling wetly, as she pulled away. Maia moved to hug Sirius next. "I'll see you at Christmas, dad," she said, grinning.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius nodded, ruffling her hair. "Have a good term. Play plenty of pranks, and enjoy your last year!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Maia rolled her eyes as she hurried towards the train just as it gave a loud whistle and started slowly moving out of the station. The door opened, and James appeared, holding his hand out for Maia to grab onto. She did so quickly, and let her cousin pull her inside.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">James waved at the large group of adults, before closing the door once more, just as the Express began to pick up speed, leaving the platform behind as it started its journey north.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and the others watched until the scarlet engine could barely be seen anymore, before they all gave their farewells to each other, and headed back to their respective jobs.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione, Remus, and Neville quickly took the Floo back to Hogwarts, followed by Bill, Fleur, Fred, and George, who were all headed to Diagon Alley. The large group headed to the Ministry – Harry, Ginny, Amelia, Tonks, Luna, and Susan – waited their turn, before walking through the fireplace one by one.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry clasped Ginny's hand in his as they walked through the Atrium and towards the lifts.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">So much has changed since the first time I walked through that barrier</em>, he commented.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny sighed, and Harry smiled suddenly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Do you remember the first time we saw each other?</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny grinned. <em class="calibre9">You asked my mum how to get onto the platform. I wanted to go to Hogwarts so badly.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. <em class="calibre9">You ran along the platform with the train, until it left the station.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny looked at him. <em class="calibre9">You were watching?</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. <em class="calibre9">I always noticed you. I might not have realized it or known what it meant at the time, but I was always aware of you. I think it was because of the bond.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded slightly. It did make sense. <em class="calibre9">A lot's changed</em>, she repeated her husband's words.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They held hands right up to the point where they had to separate to go to their different Departments in the Ministry. So much had changed since Harry had been introduced to the wizarding world, all those years ago. It felt like a lifetime, and in a way, it was. Harry had lost so much, but he had definitely gained more.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He had great friends. A wonderful family, consisting of the brothers and sisters he had always wanted, uncles who loved him unconditionally, an aunt who had stood against a man hailed as Merlin in order to prove to him that he didn't deserve to be treated like dirt, more nieces and nephews than he had ever thought possible.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A son and daughters who were perfect.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">And Ginny. The love of his life, the reason he had for breathing. She was everything to him. She had propelled him forward when things looked hopeless. She had stood by his side no matter what life threw at them, and she had born it all with strength and pride.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There may have been easier paths that Harry could have taken. He could have continued following Dumbledore. He could have let Voldemort take over without fighting. But life had taught him the difference between doing what was right and what was easy, and Ginny had shown him all that could be gained by choosing to do what was necessary, rather than bending over and stepping aside.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">So yes, Harry had lost a great deal, but he knew that he had gained so much more.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Voldemort had been dead for nineteen years. All was well.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"> </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">For anyone who wants to know, all the kids are listed below, what Houses they're in, godparents, ages, etc.</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Harry and Ginny:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">James Sirius Potter, 17</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Seventh year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Ron and Hermione</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Veronica (Ronnie) Susan Potter, 14</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fourth year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Neville and Susan</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Victoria (Tori) Hermione Potter, 14</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fourth Year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Blaise and Luna</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Lily Luna Potter, 11</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">First year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Would most likely be a Gryffindor or Ravenclaw</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Daphne and Remus</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Ron and Hermione:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Duncan Arthur Weasley-Prewett, 14</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fourth year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ravenclaw</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Harry and Ginny</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Juliet (Jules) Emma Weasley-Prewett, 12</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Second year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Neville and Susan</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Neville and Susan:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Francis (Frankie) Edgar Longbottom, 15</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fifth year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Harry and Ginny</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Elisa Marie Longbottom, 11</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">First Year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Would most likely be Gryffindor or Hufflepuff</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Ron and Hermione</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Blaise and Luna:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Anahita (Ana) Celia Zabini, 15</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fifth year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Slytherin</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Harry and Daphne</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Maricella (Mari) Cordelia Zabini, 12</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Second year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Neville and Susan</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Halcyon (Hal) Corvus Zabini, 10</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Probably a Slytherin, but uncertain</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Ron and Ginny</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Daphne and Colin:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Matthew Alexander Greengrass, 12</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Second year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hufflepuff</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Dennis and Astoria</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Fred and Angelina:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Bryce Weasley, 17</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Seventh year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: George and Ginny</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Braxton Weasley, 17</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Seventh year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Harry and Alicia</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">George and Alicia</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Brigit Weasley, 17</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Seventh year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Fred and Angelina</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Bryan Weasley, 17</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Seventh year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Harry and Ginny</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Bill and Fleur:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Soleil (Sol) Anneliese Weasley, 18</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Was a Ravenclaw</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Dating Teddy Lupin</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Sirius and Amelia</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Name meaning: French for 'sun' (just in case anyone was wondering)</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Dominique Monet Weasley, 14</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fourth year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Slytherin</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Charlie and Tonks</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Sirius and Amelia:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Maia Elizabeth Black, 17</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Seventh year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ravenclaw</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Remus and Tonks</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Snape:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Amber Snape, 14</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Fourth year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Slytherin</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Minerva and Joanne's brother</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">Remus and Tonks:</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Theodore (Teddy) Remus Lupin, 18</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Was a Hufflepuff</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Dating Sol Weasley</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Sirius and Minerva</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Carina Phoebe Lupin, 16</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sixth year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Gryffindor</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Bill and Amelia</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Quinn Fiona Lupin, 13</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Third year</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hufflepuff</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Godparents: Harry and Ginny</p>
          <p class="calibre8"> </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>



</div>

<div id="afterword" class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_50"></div>
</div>







  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_024.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_026.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
