<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_006.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_008.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_8">Chapter 6</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">When Harry and Ginny returned to McGonagall Castle, Neville was waiting for them in the library. He had gotten out some schoolbooks, and was working on their Transfiguration summer homework, but eagerly put it aside when the couple entered.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Everything all right?" he asked, taking note of their expressions. They looked furious, but trying hard to hide it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took a deep breath and forced himself to relax. "Yeah, it's just been a long day, and it's only noon. Sharptooth says the Council approved the request to make a forgery of Gryffindor's Sword. He'll let us know when it's done."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville nodded. "That's good. In the mean time," he held out the pouch containing Hufflepuff's cup, "here's this. I know you have a safe place for these."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took the box. "Thanks, Nev. You want to get something to eat? Then I might join you. Aunt Minerva would kill me if she learned that I haven't even started the Transfiguration homework yet."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny chuckled, and the trio made their way down to the kitchen.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Over lunch, Neville told them that he was still looking for information on the Gaunt family to see if they could narrow down a location on the shack. They were all frustrated that they had only been out searching once, but understood why Sirius and Minerva were being cautious. Besides, it really wasn't very productive to just go out and scour the countryside on the off chance that they would stumble across the right location.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">By the time Neville and Ginny had to go home for supper, the two soon to be seventh years had finished their Transfiguration work and made a decent start on Potions – the last subject Harry had to complete for his summer homework, and second to last for Neville, who still needed to finish his Charms work.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">All in all, and despite the emotional roller coaster that he had been on that morning, Harry felt like it had been a very productive day.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">As August continued to pass, Harry was struck by the realization that this was the last time he would set his schedule by the departure of the Hogwarts Express. Was this really his last year of school?</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">Yes, </em>Ginny answered his thoughts, glancing up from the book she had been reading.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked over and rolled his eyes. "It was rhetorical, Gin."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny smirked. "I know, I just thought I'd answer anyway."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed. "It just seems so surreal. I remember my first trip on the Express. I was terrified. And now? I'm on the Quidditch team, Head Boy, more friends than I ever had before Hogwarts. And the most amazing wife ever."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny beamed and leaned over to give him a kiss. "You're pretty amazing too, Harry. And I sort of know how you feel. My seventh year is going to be so lonely. Why did I have to make friends with so many people older than me?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry pulled her to his side. "We'll still be there. We'll visit every Hogsmeade weekend, and you'll see us at holidays."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I know," Ginny replied. "But it won't be the same."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry didn't say anything, because he knew she was right.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The next few days saw even more Death Eater attacks, though thankfully, the listening device that Snape had finally managed to plant in the Malfoy Manor dining room had given them enough warning, so they were able to avoid any casualties. The device had been working well for the couple of weeks since it had been planted, and they had managed to thwart several of Voldemort's plans. Unfortunately, Snape had informed them that the Dark Lord was becoming suspicious, so they needed to use caution.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It wasn't what any of them wanted to hear, but they would rather be safe than sorry.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">One week before the end of August, Harry and Ginny went to Saint Mungos; they had set this time with Healer Winsby, who had promised to have Frank and Alice Longbottom moved to a private room, so that no one else would interrupt.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They met Augusta a few minutes later, and shortly after that, Winsby arrived, and led them up to the fourth floor. "It is a pleasure to finally see you in person, Mr. Potter, Miss Weasley. Madam Longbottom, I have seen you around the Janus Thickney ward before, though I do not believe we have ever met."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta inclined her head, but did not speak.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Winsby smiled. "I must confess that I am extremely excited about what you are attempting to accomplish."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, his own smile rather nervous. "Thank you for all the help you gave me."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Winsby didn't reply, as they reached the correct room. She opened the door slowly. "Madam Longbottom, perhaps we should go for a cup of tea, and let these two work?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta didn't seem to want to leave her son and daughter-in-law, but nevertheless followed the healer out of the room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Once they were alone, Harry moved forward until he was in between the two beds. Alice turned her head slowly and peered at them uncomprehendingly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took a deep breath. "Alice seems more aware, so let's start with her."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded her agreement, stepping up to Harry's side and taking his hand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">Just focus on my mind,</em> Harry said. <em class="calibre9">I'll guide you in.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded mentally and focused.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Using Legilimancy, Harry entered Alice's mind, pulling Ginny along with him. He winced as he got his first glimpse of the chaos the Cruciatus Curse had left behind. There seemed to be no organization at all, but Harry forced himself to pass by all of is, going deeper. His practice at navigating his friends' minds came in handy, as he wound his way further.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frowning, Harry stopped in front of what appeared to be a locked door, deep in Alice's mental landscape.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny's mental voice sounded uncertain. <em class="calibre9">What's behind that?</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry knew there was only one way to find out, so he moved towards the door. It had looked to be locked, but the moment he touched the door, he was suddenly on the other side.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">If Harry had been in a corporal form, he would have taken a step back in surprise.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There was what appeared to be a young woman curled up in the far corner. It looked like she was crying.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Erm, hello?" Harry spoke, unsure if he even could talk in someone else's mind.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The woman looked up suddenly, her wide eyes full of fear as she looked around the room. "Who's there?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry pushed himself and Ginny closer. "My name is Harry. I'm here to help."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The woman, whom he now knew to be Alice – she looked much more like the Alice in the photos he had from two decades ago, than the woman who was lying on this bed in Saint Mungos, if not quite a bit thinner and more ragged – continued to look around. "Where are you?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry knew he couldn't make a physical form appear, but he wanted to put her at ease. "I entered your mind using Legilimancy. You were tortured with the Cruciatus Curse nearly sixteen years ago. I'm hoping that together, we can bring you back."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice frowned. "I remember. Was it really sixteen years ago? I can't leave this room."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry tried to make his mental voice comforting and reassuring. "You can. We're here to help you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"We?" Alice latched on the word.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry felt Ginny's presence move closer. "My name is Ginny," she said softly. "Harry brought me with him, because we think that together, we can help you and Frank."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice looked suddenly anxious. "Frank? Neville? Augusta? Are they all right?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Neville and Augusta are fine," Harry placated her. "After we help you, we're going to help Frank."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice relaxed slightly. "Neville is fine." It sounded like she was reassuring herself rather than asking anyone else.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry still answered. "He's one of my best friends. But you can see him yourself if you come with us."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice looked fearful again. "I can't leave," she cried. "The door won't open."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry imagined himself reaching out a hand. "It will," he promised. "Just come with us."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice hesitated for a moment, and then tentatively stood up shakily. She almost fell over, but caught herself. Walking forward, she stopped in front of where Harry's mental presence was 'standing'.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I'm ready," she said determinedly, a hint of steel in her voice that reminded Harry of the young woman he imagined she used to be. The woman who had gone through Auror training, who had fought ferociously in the last war.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry 'grasped' her hand with his own mental one, and Ginny did the same on the other side. Together, they stepped through the door. When Alice looked back, the door was melting into the wall, until it was just a smooth surface once more.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Slowly, the trio made their way through the chaos of Alice's mind. In their wake, order began to restore itself, until they reached the point where Harry and Ginny had entered.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"This is it," Harry said softly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice smiled. "Thank you," she replied, as Harry and Ginny left her mind.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Coming back to himself, Harry waited for some sort of sign that it had worked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice was still lying there, her expression blank. Just as he was about to slump in disappointment, Alice blinked and her gaze focused.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She sat up and turned to look at the two teenagers. "Harry?" she asked, tilting her head to the side. "Ginny?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled widely, and Ginny's grip on his hand tightened. "It's so nice to meet you, Mrs. Longbottom."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice frowned. "How…?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny shook her head. "We'll explain later, but for now, we should heal Frank."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice looked over at her husband, and her eyes watered. "Frank," she murmured. Glancing back at Harry, her eyes widened. "You said the attack was sixteen years ago. Neville… you said you were friends?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, still smiling. "He's a great friend. You will be so proud of him. But there will be time for that later. Just rest for now. We need to focus, so please don't worry. We'll help Frank."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice nodded slowly, but lay back on the bed and watched as they stared at her husband, their expressions becoming blank and unseeing.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She watched them intently for over twenty minutes, before they suddenly seemed to stumble back into their bodies, taking two steps backwards.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">They hadn't done that for her, had they?</em> she wondered curiously. Perhaps it had been a bit harder to bring Frank back?</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She didn't have time to think further, because Frank sat up, looked around the room, and then launched himself at her. "Alice!" he cried.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny were hard-pressed to stop their tears of joy as the couple reunited, holding each other for the first time in nearly sixteen years.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After a few minutes, Frank detached himself from his wife. "Thank you," he breathed, his eyes wide as he looked at Harry and Ginny. "I don't know how you managed it, but thank you for giving us our lives back."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Longbottom."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank shook his head. "Please. You're James and Lily's boy. It's Frank and Alice. No formalities."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice gasped. He had said his name was Harry, and he did look remarkably like James, but she hadn't realized… she looked at her husband. "Truly?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank glanced over at her and nodded slightly. He had been skeptical of the intrusive presence in his mind, and had demanded to know just whom it was who was invading his conscience. He had not expected it to be a seventeen year old version of the child he had last seen as a one year old, struggling to escape his mother's arms.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded and smiled softly at the couple. "Well then, Frank. I'm honored to meet you. Your son is one of my best friends, and I'm glad I could do this for him, and for you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice's eyes grew sad. "I remember hearing of the attack on your parents. We were still in hiding at that point. I'm so sorry for your loss, Harry."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "Thank you." He glanced at Ginny. "Can you get Healer Winsby?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded and gave Harry a kiss on the cheek before leaving the room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took a chair from the corner of the room and pulled it up to the beds. Both adults were watching him with knowing looks. Harry blushed. "Ginny's my girlfriend."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice nodded. "A Weasley if I ever saw one. Molly's girl? I seem to remember she had just had another child before…" she trailed off, and Frank grasped her hand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A few moments later, Healer Winsby entered the room alone. "Miss Weasley is staying outside with Madam Longbottom," she informed Harry. "I just wanted to take a few minutes to perform an examination."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank looked up, eager. "My mother is here?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Healer Winsby nodded, smiling. "She's right outside. I just want to do a basic examination, to make sure everything's working the way it should. You two were out of it for a while."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice nodded despondently. "Sixteen years," she moaned. "I missed so much of my boy's life."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank just kept holding her hand. "But we've got so much more to experience now," he reassured her. "Think of all the things we'll be there for, because of Harry and Ginny."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice nodded again, this time happier. "True," she agreed, and then let Winsby perform her tests.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The healer asked a series of questions, and performed several magical scans, before turning to Harry, smiling widely. "I'm astounded," she informed him. "You may have just changed the entire field. No one has seriously considered using Legilimancy in this way before." She put her wand away. "Why don't you bring Madam Longbottom in."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry went to the door and opened it, ushering the elderly woman inside. Ginny followed behind her, and Harry closed the door.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta gasped when Frank turned his clear gaze towards her. "Mum?" he whispered, his eyes filling with tears.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta started crying, overwhelmed with emotion at seeing her son look at her, and actually recognize her. She barely registered Winsby leaving as she rushed forward and grasped Frank in a tight hug.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Oh, my boy," she murmured, the tears leaking freely from her eyes. When Harry had come to her with this idea, she had told him not to tell Neville, because she didn't want him to get his hopes up, but that didn't mean that she wouldn't. She had been terrified that she would begin to believe that this would work, and then be let down when it didn't happen.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">But standing here, holding her son… a huge weight had been lifted from her shoulders. It was unbelievable. It was incomprehensible. And yet, it was true.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny had done it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After several minutes, Augusta forced herself to let her son go, so that she could hug her daughter-in-law.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice was openly crying as Augusta embraced her; she had always felt, before the attack, that the woman didn't quite approve of her, or didn't think she was good enough for Frank. But the elderly matron holding onto her was one hundred percent relieved to have her back.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Oh, I cannot believe this," Augusta sniffed, pulling back and looking from Alice to Frank. "In all my years, I never thought…" She turned to Harry and Ginny, who were watching with smiles on their faces. "Thank you so much, Harry. This is… I just…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She seemed unable to finish her sentences anymore, but Harry completely understood. He wished more than anything to have the chance to hug his parents once more.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry gave them a few more minutes to greet each other, before he and Ginny drew up enough chairs for all of them, and together with Augusta, spent the next half hour bringing the Longbottoms up to speed with current events as they stood.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank shook his head when they were done. "I know Albus is hailed as the new Merlin, but how could he get away with all of that?" He sighed, not really expecting an answer. "I'm glad you're all right, Harry. I remember Lily telling us about her sister. She was so upset that Petunia refused to acknowledge her."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice nodded sadly. "It devastated her. She used to cry every time a letter she sent to Petunia came back unopened."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "I've made my peace with what happened with my relatives. They're out of my life, and I never have to see them again. I'm much happier with the family I have now."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice smiled. "I'm glad of that." She bit her lip, looking down at her lap briefly. "I don't know if anyone told you that I'm your godmother, Harry…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded quickly. "Aunt Minerva told me at the end of my third year. And Neville has given me a lot of pictures of you and my parents. I know that you and my mum were best friends practically since the beginning." He looked at Frank. "Sirius said that you were great at helping him and my dad out with schoolwork, and in Auror training."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank smiled. "Those two never seemed to take anything seriously. And yet they were two of the best fighters I had ever seen. I guess it's no surprise, seeing as how they were raised – even if only for a short time in Sirius' case – by Charlus Potter. That man could take on a dozen Death Eaters by himself and come out on top, from what I heard when I was in training. I was only fortunate enough to meet him once, at the start of my Auror training. By the time I finished training and entered the Corps full time, he had already been killed in a Death Eater raid."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked down, thinking about the grandfather he had never met.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank seemed to realize what was going on, and reached out, resting a hand on Harry's arm. "He was a great man, Harry. I'm sorry for your loss, but I'm sure you do him proud just by being you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked at his friend's father and nodded. "I know. I just hate that there are so many people in my family that I will never get a chance to know."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Healer Winsby knocked briefly and then came in. "I'm sorry to interrupt, but Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom should get some rest."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta nodded and stood up. "Of course. Do you have any idea how long they will need to remain at the hospital?" she asked, hope leeching into her voice.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Winsby tilted her head to the side, considering. "We will need to do a few more official tests, but I believe not much more than a week or so."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice's eyes were overly bright. "Does that mean we may be able to see our boy off to Hogwarts?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Winsby bit her lip. "I don't want to promise anything, but assuming you are physically and mentally sound, I don't see why you shouldn't be able to leave by the thirty-first."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Alice started crying again; the thought of actually being able to see her son off to school at least once was overwhelming.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank reached out across the small space between their beds and clasped her hand, understanding completely.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny said their goodbyes quickly and left, wanting to give Augusta some time alone.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Outside, Winsby once more congratulated them on their success.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced around the somewhat busy hallway. "Healer Winsby, we'd really appreciate it if you wouldn't tell anyone our part in this. We're just happy that the Longbottoms are all right, but we don't want people asking questions about how we did it." He looked down. "And I really don't need another reason for people to pay attention to me."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Winsby frowned, but agreed to their request, as Augusta left the room. "They're asleep," she informed them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled his thanks, before Augusta asked about what tests still needed to be carried out.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Winsby sighed softly. "I'm not worried about anything major," she assured the dowager. "The main concern is physical strength at this point. With spells, we were able to keep muscles from atrophying, and we can minimize potential damage. However, they have still been bedridden for nearly sixteen years. We will need to make sure they are physically fit and able to move about under their own power, before we can think about releasing them."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta nodded. "I understand," she replied. "And my thanks, for everything you have done for my son and daughter-in-law."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Winsby smiled and gave them a last farewell, before the trio left the hospital.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">At the exit, Augusta thanked them yet again, hugging Harry with a strength the teenager hadn't known the elderly woman possessed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta pulled back. "I think it might make a nice surprise for Neville, don't you agree?" There was a twinkle in her eye that Harry could relate to, as a son and godson of Marauders.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He nodded. "It's all he's ever wanted."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta nodded. "Don't say anything yet; I want to speak with them about what they want me to tell him, and if they want him to know before they're released.  If I know my son at all, he'll want to keep Neville away as much as possible.  He won't want him to see them in the hospital any more than is necessary."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry inclined his head, understanding, though he did think that Neville wouldn't care about that.  "I won't say anything," he promised.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta beamed. "You have done so much for the Longbottom family, Harry. We cannot ever hope to repay you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head. "We are allies, Augusta. We are friends. I don't do any of this because I'm expecting to be repaid. I did this because I knew how Neville felt, and I would give anything to have my parents back. I couldn't make that happen, but I could do something about Neville's situation."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta nodded. "Understood. But the Longbottoms shall forever be in your debt, no matter what you say."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She then left, and Ginny grasped Harry in a tight hug. <em class="calibre9">I can't believe we actually did it, </em>her mental voice sounded breathless.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded slightly. <em class="calibre9">I know. I think I could use this memory to power a Patronus for a week. Remember the look in their eyes when they recognized their surroundings?</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny smiled widely. <em class="calibre9">It was amazing</em>, she agreed. <em class="calibre9">It felt so good to help them.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry pulled back and grasped her hand. "Come on," he said, "I'll take you home."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry had passed his apparation test just two weeks earlier, so he was now legally able to use that mode of transportation.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After taking Ginny back to the Burrow, he returned to McGonagall Castle, feeling completely content. The war was still going on, but for right now, he had done a good thing, and his friend's life was about to get so much better.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville was confused.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny had returned from some sort of outing the day before looking incredibly excited, though they had definitely tried hard to hide it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">His Gran had come home that same evening looking equally happy, but she deflected any questions about what had happened.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Then, the next morning, she had told him that she had some business she had to take care of, and asked if he could stay with Harry and Professor McGonagall for a few days – she wasn't sure how long he would need to stay, though she did promise to be there to see him off on September First.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When he asked Professor McGonagall, she hadn't had any more answers, beyond saying that Augusta had asked her for a favor, and she had agreed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny seemed to be the only ones who knew what was going on, and they weren't talking.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Still, Neville trusted them, and he knew that they probably had a good reason for keeping quiet, so he just packed his school trunk and headed over to McGonagall Castle for the rest of the week. His Gran had intimated that he may need to spend the rest of the summer there, and he wanted to have all of his things ready.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The afternoon of August Thirtieth saw the large group gathered out on the lawn and patio of McGonagall Castle, celebrating the end of summer before the students returned to school in a couple of days.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They were also celebrating the last send off for so many of the teenagers, and the appointments that had been made within the group – Harry and Susan to Head Boy and Girl, Neville to take Harry's place as Prefect, and Ron to take over as Quidditch Captain.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly had gotten Ron a present for his appointment, and knew that the somewhat steep price had been worth it when she watched her son's face light up upon opening the packaging to reveal the brand new Keeper's pads.  She would have gotten him a broom, but as Ginny had given him her Nimbus 2001 when Harry had given her his old Firebolt, he really didn't need one.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron was ecstatic as he launched himself at his mother, grasping her in a tight hug, whispering a thank you.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly patted his back, and Ron went to back to his friends, while his parents watched, smiling broadly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Oh Arthur, can you believe it's their last year?" Molly asked, sniffling tearfully.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Arthur shook his head. "I still remember seeing Ron off for the first time. Do you remember the first letter he sent home?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly chuckled a little. "He was so excited to be rooming with <em class="calibre9">the </em>Harry Potter. But in the same letter, he said that Harry was even better in person than the stories claimed. He was relieved to have made his first friend before he even arrived at the school."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"And the incident with the troll. That was the first time Hermione's name came into it," Arthur commented idly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva winced at the reminder of the troll, as the rest of the adults gathered together to talk and reminisce, while the teenagers decided to head up to the Pitch to set up a game.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"You had to bring that up?" she asked, sighing and shaking her head.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Arthur shrugged. "Sorry."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Cyrus Greengrass settled into his seat, his eyes fixed on the teenagers out on the Pitch. "It would appear that more happened in the early years at that school than I was aware."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva pursed her lips. "Too many incidents, and though Albus certainly has his share of the blame for the way things played out, Harry is just too inquisitive for his own good."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius smirked. "At least he gets it honestly. You remember what James was like."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva shuddered. "A dog with a bone," she agreed ruefully, and then glared at Sirius when he opened his mouth, no doubt to make a joke relating to his own animagus form. Cowed, Sirius closed his mouth, and Minerva smirked lightly. "I am just thankful that he did not have the same propensity for pranks as his father. Can you imagine what could have happened to that school with the Weasley twins <em class="calibre9">and</em> the son of a Marauder in residence?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She looked slightly ill, while the rest chuckled, or in Sirius, Remus, and Tonks' case, outright laughed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sobering, Amelia glanced at the teenagers as well. "It does feel a little surreal," she admitted. "It seems just yesterday I was putting her on the train at eleven years old, and now… what happened to the last six years? I don't remember getting older. When did they?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The rest of the adults agreed wholeheartedly, and settled back to watch the teenagers in silence.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was only a short while later when Amelia turned to Minerva. "Where's Augusta? I thought she said she would be here today."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva shrugged with one shoulder. "She said she had some business she had to take care off. Neville has been staying with us for the few days. I am uncertain as to what exactly she is doing, but she did promise to be here, you're right."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As if in answer to the query, Augusta chose that moment to appear. "Good afternoon, everyone," she said, sweeping out onto the patio with an expression of almost… anticipation… on her face.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva stood up. "Augusta, welcome. I trust everything is well with you?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta nodded immediately. "Would you be able to get the children back here? I have something I would like to show Neville."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva nodded and glanced at Sirius, who immediately went to the Pitch to gather the teenagers.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">While they waited, Augusta refused to answer any questions the adults posed her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Five minutes later, everyone was gathered together, and Augusta turned to Neville. "Neville, I know you've been wondering what I've been doing this last week. Something happened, and I wanted to have a few days to make sure everything was well, and take care of a few last minute details, before I told you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville frowned. "What's going on, Gran?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Augusta glanced at Harry and Ginny, who were both smiling widely.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville looked at his friends as well. "You two were in on whatever this is?" he asked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. "Don't worry, Nev, it's a good thing. I promise."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville looked back at Augusta. "So what is it?" he asked, getting frustrated with the lack of answers.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Instead of responding, Augusta just turned back to the glass doors leading into the house.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone followed her lead, and then stared, dumbstruck, as a healthy Frank and Alice Longbottom walked out onto the patio.</p>
          <p class="calibre7"> </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_14"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_006.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_008.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
