<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_005.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_007.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_7">Chapter 5</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">When Harry woke up the next morning, he was hit with a wave of pure bliss. He had a feeling the reason for his happiness was the woman curled into his side, sleeping peacefully.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He turned to look at her, and smiled widely. She was so beautiful.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">Damn straight</em>, Ginny's mental voice was sleepy, but full of love. <em class="calibre9">And for the record, you're pretty damn hot yourself.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry chuckled, and then sat up. He frowned slightly as he did so. Something about this morning seemed… different.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">Are you sure it's not just last night? </em>Ginny asked, feeling his confusion as she sat up as well, curling the blanket around her bare chest.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced over and shook his head. "Last night was amazing, and I definitely feel a difference in our bond – remember what Sharptooth said? The bond will be complete when we consummate our relationship."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded, remembering that conversation. "But what you're feeling isn't that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head again. "After learning Occlumency, the pain in my scar disappeared for the most part, but it was almost like… a phantom headache. It wasn't there, but I could feel it all the same. That feeling is gone now."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny gasped lightly. "Do you think your connection to Voldemort is gone?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "I think we need to talk to Sharptooth again."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny pursed her lips, studying his forehead carefully. "You know, I think your scar looks a little lighter."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry sighed. "Like I said, we need to talk to Sharptooth."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As if in response to that statement, a house elf popped in at that moment. "Chloe be sorry for interrupting Master and Mistress this morning, but an important letter has come for Master. Seal on letter being from Gringotts."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, smiling. "Thank you, Chloe. Can you have breakfast sent up as soon as it's ready?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Chloe nodded eagerly and popped out.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry opened the letter, and read it to himself, with Ginny looking over his shoulder.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When he finished, he folded up the letter and set it on the nightstand. "So the council has made a decision. It does bode well that Sharptooth asks for Neville to join us, doesn't it?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded thoughtfully. "It would seem that way." She agreed, making to stand up, pulling Harry's discarded shirt from the night before and putting it on. When she got out of the bed, it fell to her upper thigh. "But for right now, I heard you say something about breakfast. I'm starving."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry chuckled and agreed, finding his boxers from last night, and putting them on.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Dressed in no more than the bare minimum, they headed out to the terrace, where a filling breakfast of waffles, fruit, maple syrup, and whipped cream was waiting for them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny ate ravenously, her table manners closer to Ron's this morning than Harry had ever seen them. She looked up briefly and glared when she caught that thought, but Harry just shrugged and tucked back into his own waffle, smiling slightly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When they finished eating, Harry led Ginny to the huge walk-in closet, where Ginny was amazed to find a large selection of clothes in her size. The other side of the closet held clothes for Harry.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She looked over at her husband, trying to decide if she was happy or annoyed at the amount of clothes there.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "I asked the house elves to make sure the Manor was stocked. I guess they just took that to mean in every way."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny sighed and picked out a pair of black jeans and a pale blue t-shirt.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When Harry was dressed as well, they left the master bedroom, and Harry took Ginny on a tour of the Manor. Though he had told her about it before, she had never been there, and Harry wanted to show her around her future home.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They toured the third floor first, since that's where their bedroom was. This floor housed all the bedrooms for the Manor's inhabitants. One floor down were guest bedrooms, and the floor above them held several offices and spare rooms, a sitting room, and an entertainment suite like the one at McGonagall Castle. Harry guessed that his mother had set this up sometime before she and his father had moved the family to Godric's Hollow.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">On the main floor was the library, the dining room, the great hall – used for large parties – several more offices, a formal sitting room, a sitting room that housed the Floo access, and the kitchen.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The basement was where three potions laboratories were set up, a storeroom for ingredients, a storeroom for fully brewed potions, and a large dueling room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"This is amazing," Ginny commented as they wandered through the library, looking at the huge collection of books Harry's family had amassed over the years.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry showed her the index next. "It's really great," he grinned. "My three times great grandfather set these spells. When a book is catalogued and added to the library, it becomes part of this massive index. All you have to do is open this book here," he gestured to the large tome in its place of honor on a wooden pedestal, "and state the subject you're looking for. A list of books on the subject appear on the page. When you find the one you want, you say the title, and it appears on this table," he gestured to the table next to the pedestal.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Wow," Ginny said, amazed at the magic that must have gone into creating that. She knew the library section of his school trunk was similar, but this was a much grander scale. There had to be thousands of books here.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, agreeing, and the two left the impressive room, heading outside next.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The grounds were just as wonderful, boasting three greenhouses, a large yard, a terrace surrounded by a floral garden, a vegetable garden next to that, and beyond the greenhouses, a Quidditch pitch. A small shed near the edge of the Pitch housed enough brooms for two full teams. Harry opened the door to the broomshed, and then had to sigh as he shook his head.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Inside were fourteen Nimbus 2001's.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny peered over his shoulder, and smirked. "Another thing the house elves took to heart when you said to make sure everything was stocked?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry groaned. "I really didn't mean all of this!" he protested. "I just meant, you know, make sure there was enough food for dinner and breakfast!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny laughed, leading him back to the house. "They wanted to make sure their Master's wishes were fulfilled. And they're getting ready for the next generation of Potters to move in." Harry looked at her sharply, but Ginny just shrugged. "Well, it is going to happen soon, isn't it? I'm seventeen next year, and as soon as I'm of age in the wizarding world, I want everyone to know that you're mine."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled and pulled her to his side, placing a kiss on the top of her head. "I'm always yours, as long as you're mine."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded decisively, and the two headed to the Floo. It was almost lunchtime, and while they knew that Molly and Arthur had given their permission, the two must be getting worried by now, so Ginny should probably get back to the Burrow.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">When Ginny arrived, Molly looked up from her laundry, and smiled, relieved. "Good morning, dear. Did you and Harry have a good time?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny tried not to blush, knowing her mother's question was innocent enough. "Yes, mum. The best."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly nodded, and then furrowed her brow. "Where did you get those clothes?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny bit her lip, and then sighed, knowing there was no way to get out of answering this question. "Erm, we were at Potter Manor. Harry asked the house elves to make sure everything was stocked, and they took it a bit far, filling the closet with clothes for both of us."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly frowned. She didn't like charity, and she didn't like her children accepting handouts. But she had to stop herself from saying anything, as she remembered that, as Harry's wife, his money was her money. It wasn't charity, it was his duty to ensure that Ginny had everything she could ever need or want.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She supposed it was getting easier to think of Ginny as a married woman, probably because her daughter was getting closer to the age where she would be married. But it was still hard to realize that her little girl wasn't her little girl anymore.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Realizing that Ginny was still waiting for her to go off on accepting handouts, Molly just smiled and nodded. "That's nice dear. It's a very pretty shirt. I believe your brother is outside degnoming the yard, would you mind helping him out?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny was surprised to not receive any type of lecture, but didn't protest, and immediately headed outside.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Two days later, Harry, Ginny, and Neville met in the Leaky Cauldron at promptly half passed eight. They had an appointment at nine o'clock at Gringotts, and none of them wanted to be late.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Upon their arrival at the bank, they were shown to a private sitting room down a different hallway from where Harry knew Sharptooth's office to be.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They waited nervously in the office for roughly ten minutes, before Sharptooth joined them, followed closely by an older goblin. The unknown goblin gave off a commanding presence, and it was clear that Sharptooth deferred to him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The goblin studied each of them for a few minutes before he spoke. "I am Ragnok, Director of Gringotts, Great Britain."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry placed a fisted hand over his heart and bowed his head. "You honor us, Director, with your presence."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ragnok turned his beady gaze to the young Potter Lord. His lips curled into something like a smile, though it looked more like a leer. "Indeed." His gaze turned back to the group as a whole, but centered mostly on Neville. "You are here because the heir to the Ancient and Noble House of Longbottom has claimed a grieved status. You, Mister Longbottom, as heir apparent to the Ancient and Noble House of Longbottom, wish to claim satisfaction from the Lestranges for the unprovoked attack the Family Lestrange carried out on the Family Longbottom." Neville nodded, and Ragnok's expression became even more feral. "The Council has agreed to honor your request. Manager Sharptooth will take you to the Lestrange Vault, where you may choose from a combination of money and artifacts. Manager Sharptooth, on behalf of the Council, will then decide if it is acceptable."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Without waiting for anyone to comment, Ragnok turned and left the room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth had his own version of a smile on his face. "The Council agreed to this request readily, Harry, Ginny, Mister Longbottom. They understand the shape the current war is taking, and are willing to do their part." He leveled a meaningful look at Harry before leading the three teenagers out of the room and to the carts.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry understood that look. Sharptooth was telling him, without actually telling him, that Gringotts understood that, though their coffers may take a hit, they were willing to make the sacrifice to put a stop to Voldemort.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The cart took them deeper than Harry's trust vault, but it stopped a level above where the older families kept their money and assets. Harry and Neville's Family Vaults were down one more level.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth got out first, and waited until the teenagers were on the walkway, before he ran a long finger down the door. It melted away until it was as if it had never been there.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"That is a goblin override," Sharptooth explained. "If we need to get into a vault for any reason, without the owner's presence, we can. It is not a course of action we take lightly. But this is a special case." He gestured to the open vault in front of them. "I will remain here. You do not have forever, though, so I would suggest you search with purpose."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. "Thank you," he said, before leading Ginny and Neville into the vault.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">For almost an hour, they looked. There was a lot of stuff to go through, even without factoring in the piles of gold and silver lying around.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Finally, Ginny thought she saw something. "Harry, over there." She pointed up to a shelf near the ceiling.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry frowned in thought as he made his way over. Reaching up, he was just able to reach a small gold cup. When he pulled it down, he saw the badger engraved on the side. However, his frown didn't clear.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny moved to his side. "Is that it?" she asked curiously, in a hushed whisper.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville also joined them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "I think so," he replied, but he didn't sound certain.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">What's wrong? </em>Ginny asked, worried.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced at her. <em class="calibre9">It looks like Hufflepuff's cup, but… it doesn't give me the same feeling I got when we saw the locket. I don't feel anything.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny pursed her lips. <em class="calibre9">You said that you felt different after we… you know</em>, she tried not to blush. <em class="calibre9">Maybe this is just more proof that that connection is gone.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">Perhaps</em>, Harry allowed. <em class="calibre9">We really need to talk to Sharptooth</em>, he said yet again.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Well?" Neville asked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked at him. "I think this is it," he confirmed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Good," Neville said, relieved. "I really want to get out of this vault."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Sounds like a plan to me," Harry agreed, and the trio left the confined space.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth peered at the cup in Harry's hand. "Is that the choice you make for restitution?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville nodded. "It is."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth inclined his head. "Allow me to inspect the object."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry handed it off, and after a few moments, Sharptooth returned the cup. "The goblins find this to be an acceptable form of payment by the Family Lestrange to the Family Longbottom."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville sighed in relief. "Thank you, Manager Sharptooth, for your assistance."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth gave him a razor sharp smile, but didn't reply.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "Sharptooth, will the Lestranges need to be notified of this?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth considered for a moment. "They will need to be informed that the claim has been made, but it will not be necessary to inform them of what was taken. We are not obligated to share that information." His smile was back, even sharper than before. "We are also not obligated to inform them immediately. As long as we do so within the next twelve months, we will not be breaking any Goblin-Wizard agreements."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The trio smiled as well, grateful. Harry took a breath. "There's one other thing that Ginny and I would like to speak with you about, if you have a few minutes now. If not, could we set up a time to meet within the next few days?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth observed his client. "I have the time now. I would like to speak with you about the Council's other decision, and so I made sure to keep this morning clear."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled his appreciation, and the group made their way back to the surface.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They ended up back in the same conference room they had met the goblins in before heading down to the vault. Neville thanked Sharptooth for his assistance before he took the cup with him, hidden from view in a small pouch that Harry handed to his friend. He promised to keep it with him and wait at McGonagall Castle until Harry returned, before he left the bank.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When the Longbottom heir was gone, Sharptooth led Harry and Ginny to his office.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sitting behind his desk, he folded his hands in front of him. "The Council has agreed to honor your second request for a forged sword. They believe that it is your birthright to claim that sword, and wish to see it returned to its proper owner, however that may come to pass. The forgery has been commissioned, and I will inform you when it is complete."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. "Thank you, Sharptooth. Please tell the Council how much we appreciate their efforts."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth inclined his head. "Now, I believe you said you had something you wished to speak with me about."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took a deep breath, and then told Sharptooth about the lack of feeling he was receiving from his scar.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When he finished, Sharptooth frowned minutely. "May I first say, congratulations on completing your bond. I can sense that it has grown exponentially."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny smiled. "Thank you," Harry said.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth nodded, and then turned his attention back to the issue Harry had told him about. "As for why you think this connection may be gone…" He sighed. "You say you felt a pull when you found the last vessel."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded quickly. "It was almost like it was calling out to something in my scar. But I didn't feel that at all with this horcrux."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth furrowed his brow. "I can think of a few possibilities, but only one makes sense. When you completed your bond, the connection to the Dark Lord got… pushed out, I believe would be a simplified way of putting it." He paused, and then tilted his head to the side. "Harry, do you remember what happened the night your parents were killed?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry winced and nodded. "Unfortunately." After the year with the Dementors, his memory had filled in a lot of the gaps he had had about that night. Occlumency only made it clearer. He could now piece together most of what had happened from the moment James had told Lily to take Harry and run.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth pursed his lips. "I know it is a difficult subject, but would you mind providing me with a memory?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry grit his teeth but nodded, and after receiving permission to use his wand, extracted the memory and placed it in a pensieve that Sharptooth provided.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Please excuse me for a moment. I believe I might know what happened, but I need to see it first." With that, Sharptooth disappeared into the pensieve.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny waited patiently until the goblin returned almost five minutes later, a thoughtful but immensely pleased expression on his face. "Thank you, Harry, for allowing me to see that. I believe my theory has been confirmed by what I witnessed."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He gestured to the pensieve, and Harry collected the silvery strand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When he was done, Sharptooth nodded decisively. "When we last spoke of these vessels, I mentioned that the Dark Lord would have most likely rendered his soul unstable. He had already split it too many times when he came after you and your family, and when the killing curse rebounded, it shattered the remaining part of the soul even further. A logical conclusion would be to deduce that one portion of the soul fled, while the part that had broken off latched onto the only living being left in the room."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Me," Harry whispered, horrified that he hadn't just had a connection with Voldemort for the last sixteen years, he had had an actual piece of the bastard. His gaze sharpened suddenly, horror and fear on his face. "Does that mean I have a horcrux inside me?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny reached up and slapped him on the back of the head. "Aren't we here discussing this because you wanted to know why you couldn't feel that connection any more?" she asked rhetorically. "Wouldn't that mean the soul piece is gone?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth nodded, his expression still self-satisfied. "I believe so," he confirmed. Harry let out a sigh of relief. "I believe that the completion of your soul bond was so much the opposite of the Dark Lord that it forced the soul piece out. Your bond is the manifestation of true love and all that is good and right with the world. In the end, the withered and broken soul of the Dark Lord could not compete with that. You are completely and one hundred percent Harry."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled shakily. "Thanks. Sorry for freaking out, I just hate the idea that I had a piece of that bastard living in me."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded. "It's creepy and gross, but it's gone now. And think, that means we're one more step closer to finishing him." She paused for a moment, and then gasped. "Harry, towards the end of the last term, you came back from that conversation with Dumbledore, and you said that something he said made you think he didn't intend for you to survive this war. What if this is the reason why?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry's eyes narrowed. "You're right," he almost growled. "It would make sense."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth frowned. "Would you care to elaborate?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry gave the goblin an abbreviated version of the conversation he and Dumbledore had had a few months earlier, as well as the feeling he had gotten from the old man. "It just fits. I grew up unloved and in a horrible home situation, until Hagrid showed up and introduced me to this world. Dumbledore inserted himself as this grandfather-type, who would generously allow me to leave my relatives' home 'as soon as was possible'. But I grew up thinking that my life was worth less than everyone else's. And with my introduction to the wizarding world, I would have loved learning that I wasn't as insignificant as my relatives claimed. I would have done anything to protect my new world. Dumbledore had me raised to be a martyr. He didn't mean for me to survive, because my death would also mean the end of Voldemort."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny let out a low hiss, sounding very like her lioness form. "That bastard."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth nodded in agreement. "Indeed."</p>
          <p class="calibre7"> </p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"> </p>
      </div>
      <div class="calibre1">
        <p class="calibre7"> </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_12"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_005.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_007.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
