<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_023.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_025.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_25">Chapter 23</h2>


    <p class="calibre7">Chapter Notes</p>
      <div class="endnote-link">
        See the end of the chapter for  <a href="#endnotes23">notes</a>
      </div>
</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">A few days later, the large group gathered at McGonagall Castle, and took international portkeys created by Sirius. They landed in Greece a short while later, marveling at the deep blue-green ocean that surrounded them, and the crisp white beach. Charlie's own portkey from Romania, sent along with his wedding invitation, deposited him on the beach at nearly the same time.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius led them into the large mansion that was the only structure on the small island. There was Floo access in the mansion, but the island itself had no other inhabitants. The nearest magical community was in Athens, and the house elves took care of making sure the kitchen was stocked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius gave everyone a quick tour, and they all disappeared into their bedrooms to change, before spending the rest of the day on the beach.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The major news at dinner that evening came from the most recently married couple. Tonks found herself under scrutiny when she refused the glass of wine offered to her. Blushing furiously, she and Remus shared their happy news: they were going to become parents.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone was ecstatic, congratulating them loudly, and Sirius quickly had the house elves bring up some champagne to toast. Tonks got her very own glass of sparkling cider, and the evening turned into a festive party.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Tonks found Ginny and Harry later, and apologized for taking stealing some of their spotlight.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry just shook his head. "Don't worry about it, Tonks. We're really happy for you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Tonks beamed and gave them both a hug before she headed up to bed with Remus.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The group spent several days enjoying the sand and surf, and exploring the foreign magical community. Athens' version of Diagon Alley was more of an open marketplace, with stalls set up that sold everything from cauldrons to fresh produce. Snape eagerly bought several potions ingredients that couldn't be found in Britain, while Hermione had to be pulled away from the bookseller, where she had disappeared into a large tome on the history of magical Greece.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The morning of the wedding dawned bright and hot, and everyone was up early getting ready. The girls congregated in Ginny's room to prepare, while the boys went to Harry's. Molly had insisted that the two sleep in separate rooms the night before. She knew they were already married, but she wanted them to uphold some of the traditions, such as not seeing each other before the ceremony.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">By late afternoon, the group began to gather in anticipation of the ceremony. The house elves had set up the simple altar on a stretch of beach just beyond the mansion. It was covered in flowers – lilies and orchids – as well as some light grey tulle that fluttered in the sea breeze, and dark green vines that wound around the four posts of the altar. The white chairs were all facing the altar, and the ocean. They had timed the ceremony perfectly so that it would take place at sunset.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Grey tulle was affixed to each chair lining the aisle, a small bouquet of sea green and white roses attached at each chair.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A boardwalk was set up down the aisle and under the alter. This had been added so that Ginny's dress wouldn't get too covered in sand, and allowing her to walk easily in her heels. Her wedding dress wasn't exactly beach appropriate, but it meant so much to both Harry and Ginny, that she was wearing Lily's dress, so they had added the harder surface to make it easier.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth was the last guest to arrive. He had been surprised to receive an invitation, and accepted it willingly. Harry had given him a portkey that would take him to the island before the ceremony, and return him to England whenever he wished to depart.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The goblin took a seat next to Bill and Fleur, who greeted him with respectful nods.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When the guests were all seated, invisible music began to play, and Harry took his spot at the altar with Amelia, who was officiating, and Ron.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Both men were dressed simply and elegantly in formal suits. Their cummerbunds were a soft sea green, charmed to specifically match the color of the bridesmaids' dresses. Ron's boutonnière was white, to denote him as Best Man, while Harry's was slightly more complex, made up of a white rose with dark green leaves, and a few sprigs of smaller flowers that had been charmed sea green. The boutonnière was tied up with a dark grey sheer ribbon.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As the music played, Luna and Blaise walked down the aisle first, followed by Susan and Neville, and then Daphne and Bill. All three girls were wearing flowing chiffon dresses in a sea green color, perfect for a beach wedding. The dresses were strapless with a sweetheart neckline. They were tight on the top, with a criss-cross ruching, before flowing out past the waist and coming to an abrupt cutoff at the knee. There was a dark grey satin sash tied around their waists. The men were wearing suits that matched Ron's, with the only difference being their boutonnières. While Ron's was white, the rest of the groomsmen were wearing roses that had been charmed sea green to match the girls' dresses.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Next down the aisle was Hermione. Her dress was the same, however her sash was white instead.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">All three girls held bouquets that matched Harry's boutonnière. They had white roses, with flowers shaped like lavender, only sea green in color. The bouquets were tied with dark grey ribbon.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When they were all at the end of the aisle, Hermione, Susan, Luna, and Daphne on one side and Neville, Blaise, and Bill lined up next to Ron, the music swelled, and the guests stood up.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A few moments later, Ginny came walking down the aisle, her parents on either side. Harry had to remind himself to breathe, watching his wife walk towards him. She was so beautiful, and she was all his.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny locked eyes with him, and smirked mentally. <em class="calibre9">Damn straight</em>, she said smugly. <em class="calibre9">And don't you ever forget it.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded slightly, his eyes amused and full of love. <em class="calibre9">Never</em>, he promised seriously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When they reached the alter, Molly tearfully lifted Ginny's veil and tucked her loose hair behind her ears. Ginny had chosen a half up-do, and the veil was attached to a set of hair clips encrusted with emeralds and diamonds, an heirloom that Ginny had chosen from the Potter Vault specifically for this occasion. The veil itself was short, cutting off at her lower back, and blew prettily in the wind.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly and Arthur willingly passed Ginny to Harry, and the two stepped up to Amelia.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Amelia smiled at the couple, and began the ceremony.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Friends and family, we are gathered here this evening to witness what I can confidently term 'true love'. Everybody here has been lucky enough to witness the growth of this relationship, and we look forward to seeing what these two will accomplish together." Amelia smiled at the couple. "Harry and Ginny have chosen to write their own vows. Harry?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took a deep breath, focusing on Ginny's warm brown eyes looking up at him happily. He smiled. "Ginny, the first time I saw you, you were answering your mother's question on which platform the Hogwarts Express left from. I was eleven. At twelve, I felt disappointed that I didn't get the chance to see you sorted into your House. At thirteen, I was worried about how deeply the Dementor on the train affected you, and wondering how likely Ron was to kill me if I tried to comfort you." There was a tittering of laughter, and Ron let out a soft snort. Harry shrugged good-naturedly. "At fourteen, I finally figured out what it was I was feeling." He took a deep breath and grasped Ginny's hands in his. "Ginny, you are the smartest, most willful, determined, <em class="calibre9">best</em> thing that has ever happened to me. When I was doubting myself, you slapped me upside the head and gave me a reality check." The guests laughed again. "When I was sad, you were there. When I was happy, it was because of you. I wish I could just say I love you, and leave it at that, but those three words just don't encompass everything I feel for you. Some things may be uncertain, but there's one thing I know for sure: you and me, together. Forever."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny beamed as Amelia turned to her. "Ginny?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny took a moment to collect herself, before she spoke. "When I was four, my father told me the story of Harry Potter for the first time. I was so sad when I heard about the little boy who had lost his parents. When I was six, my brothers started teasing me about how the only bedtime story I ever wanted to hear was Harry Potter's story." The audience chuckled, and Ginny's smile turned bashful. "That's when I started telling my dad that I was going to marry Harry Potter. When I was ten, my brothers told me about how they had just met <em class="calibre9">the</em> Harry Potter. I was so excited, and disappointed that I didn't get the chance to talk to you. At eleven, you saved me for the first time of many. At twelve, I watched you struggle to overcome your fears, and my hero-worship began to turn into admiration and respect. At thirteen, you finally figured out what I had known since I was six, and you kissed me." Everyone laughed, and Harry shrugged apologetically. "I can't promise you that the Chudley Cannons will finally win a game –" Ron let out an annoyed grunt, but Ginny kept going, "I can't promise that Hermione will finally learn how to cook without setting the stove on fire," it was Hermione's turn to get upset, as her friends laughed. There were a lot of things Hermione could do, and better than pretty much everyone else, but cooking was not one of them. Ginny smiled. "But I can promise you this: you and me, together, forever."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Amelia was both amused and touched by their vows, but quickly called attention back to her. "Harry, place the ring on Ginny's finger, and repeat after me: with this ring, I thee wed."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry quickly turned to Ron and took Ginny's wedding ring from him. He repeated the vow, and then it was Ginny's turn.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Amelia had her speak the same words as she placed Harry's wedding ring on the fourth finger of his left hand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When she finished, Amelia turned to the guests and smiled. "Harry and Ginny have stood before you today, professing their love for the world to see. By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Needing no further prompting, Harry swiftly leaned forward and gave Ginny a soul-searing kiss as their friends and family clapped hard.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Much sooner than they would have liked, Harry and Ginny pulled apart, and headed back down the aisle, followed by Hermione and Ron, Neville and Susan, Blaise and Luna, and Daphne and Bill. The rest of the crowd followed them up to the mansion, and around the back, where the house elves had set up the reception space in the large garden.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was beautiful, Harry had to admit, as everyone took their seats and food began to appear. There were several smaller tables, all circling a wooden dance floor. The tablecloths were light grey, with sea green napkins. Each table had a dark grey runner, and a centerpiece made up of white roses and lit candles. A wooden wireless stood at one corner of the dance floor, decorated with white roses and grey tulle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone had a wonderful time, eating the magnificent meal and dancing until they couldn't feel their feet anymore.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sharptooth did not stay; he offered his congratulations to Harry and Ginny, before heading back to England.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry wasn't too surprised; he had invited the goblin because he respected and liked him, but goblins were not exactly social creatures. He was honored that his Manager had even come to the ceremony, bringing with him a rather expensive present: a two hundred year old bottle of Firewhiskey.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There were, of course, the mandatory toasts, and Sirius got quite a few laughs and blushes as he did his level best to embarrass Harry. Once he was finished, Hermione stood up.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She smiled at the couple, knowing that even without the bond, those two really had something special. Taking a deep breath, she glanced around at the small crowd watching her. "I think it's pretty safe to say that my friendship with Harry and Ron didn't exactly get off to the best start. Bossy goody-two-shoes sound about right guys?" she grinned at the nods that Harry and Ron immediately responded with, while the rest of the guests laughed. Hermione shook her head slightly. "I was a pushy know-it-all, and I had no friends. But then something happened." She saw Minerva wince at the reminder, and shrugged. "I've always said that Harry has a 'saving people thing', and it was pretty obvious right from the start. You see, that Halloween of our first year, a professor let a troll into the castle as a diversion, and it was just my bad luck that I happened to be right in its path. But Harry and Ron saved me, and from that point on, we were nearly inseparable. There are some things you just can't go through without becoming friends, and knocking out a twelve foot mountain troll is one of them."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There were a few disbelieving looks, as some people learned for the first time how the trio became a trio. Hermione paused to collect her thoughts. "Ginny and I didn't really become friends right away," she admitted. "It was a gradual thing, beginning around the end of my second year, her first. But once we started, it just took off. Ginny, you're an amazing friend. You've always been willing to listen, and you've always been up for a girl's night when I needed it; you know how hard it is to get girl talk out of those two," she jerked her head at Harry and Ron, to general amusement. "So to make a long story short, I've known Harry and Ginny apart, and I've known them together. I've seen their relationship grow and change. I've seen them go from awkward teenagers to a real couple. Even at thirteen and fourteen years old, they knew that they were different. What they had – what they <em class="calibre9">have</em> – is so much bigger than we could ever imagine. They fell into a relationship as easy as some of us would fall asleep. Harry found a new best friend, and I couldn't be happier."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked a little guilty, but Hermione smiled softly at him, letting him know that she wasn't upset at all. "With Harry and Ginny, it's as easy as breathing. I've never seen two people more <em class="calibre9">right</em> for each other." She picked up her champagne flute, and the rest of the guests followed suit. "So, to Harry and Ginny, may you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough success to keep you eager, and enough determination to make each day better than yesterday." Everyone clapped as they took a sip of their champagne, and Hermione sat down.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron was next, and he stood up nervously. "I'm not as good with words as Hermione, but I'll do my best." He pulled out a piece of paper and unfolded it. Glancing around at the guests, he shrugged. "Hermione helped me find this." Everyone chuckled, and Ron grinned self-deprecatingly, and looked down at the paper in his hands. He cleared his throat, and began to recite the poem he had copied from a book Hermione had loaned him. "Love is friendship caught fire; it is quiet, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection, and makes allowances for human weaknesses. Love is content with the present, hopes for the future, and does not brood over the past. It is the day-in and day-out chronicles of irritations, problems, compromises, small disappointments, big victories, and working toward common goals. If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things you lack. If you do not have it, no matter what else there is, it is not enough."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron coughed, his face turning pink with embarrassment as he folded up the paper and stuck it back in his pocket. "I, well, Hermione and I found that in a book, and I thought it was appropriate. Harry, you've been like my brother ever since the first train ride to Hogwarts. And now, you really are my brother. Though mate, I've got to say, you've always been a Weasley. Don't know why you felt you had to marry Ginny to get there." The guests laughed, while Ginny glared and Harry rolled his eyes, amused.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron sobered, turning serious as he focused on his sister and brother-in-law. "I might be a bit thick at times," he pointedly ignored Ginny's arched eyebrow. <em class="calibre9">Only at times?</em> "But even I knew that you two were in it for the long haul, even back then. I remember watching you together, and telling people to prepare to be surprised. Because you weren't going to follow any of the normal standards for a teenage relationship. I remember thinking that one of these days, you'd make the rest of us believe in true love." His blush deepened. "And here we are, years later, and still going strong. I have no doubt in my mind that I will be watching you act as sickeningly sweet and in love ten, twenty, and fifty years down the line, as you are right now."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced over at Ginny, his eyes softening as she looked back at him. He leaned down and gave her a quick peck on the lips.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron rolled his eyes. "Exactly." He picked up his champagne flute. "So, to Harry and Ginny. The best brother and sister a guy could have. Can it you two," he glared at Fred and George. The twins put on mock expressions of hurt as they both closed their mouths, a clear indication to the group that they had been planning on protesting Ron's statement.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone laughed as they drank, and Ron sat down quickly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny reached over and lightly cuffed his shoulder. "I don't know why you thought you'd be bad at that," she admonished. "That was wonderful Ron, thank you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron blushed brightly, but smiled his thanks, as Hermione gave him a sideways hug, also conveying her pride at his words.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Several more people stood up to speak, including Neville, Susan, Remus, Minerva, and Molly and Arthur. Each one conveyed their joy at being a part of Harry and Ginny's lives, and how happy they were that the two were together.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Finally, Harry stood. "I think it's my turn now, yeah?" He glanced back at Ginny, and smiled. "I think I covered our relationship pretty well during the ceremony, but I'm sure I can come up with something else to talk about." Ginny rolled her eyes, while the guests smiled or laughed. "When you're fourteen years old, and you meet a girl, everything seems so easy. You're young, you've got a crush, and you don't have to have everything figured out yet." He took a deep breath. "Ginny and I never had that. Even at fourteen, I was already an adult. At thirteen, Ginny had already faced down evil in its base form, and conquered it. Neither of us fell into the typical categories for a normal teenager. The two of us on our own, it's a wonder we came out as well adjusted as we were." Ginny snorted, and Harry shrugged. "But you see, something happened when we got together. It was amazing, and entirely unprecedented." Ginny glanced at him sharply, while those who knew about the bond wondered where Harry was going with this. They hadn't thought he would tell anyone else.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry beamed, his eyes not leaving Ginny's perfect face for a moment. "I finally worked up the courage to let the girl of my dreams know how I felt, and by some miracle, she felt the same. I won't ask why she chose me, I'll just be happy that she did. Ginny, you're my life, my heart, my soul. You make me happier than I ever thought I could be, and if you let me, I'll spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny couldn't sit still any longer. She stood up and grasped Harry in a tight hug. <em class="calibre9">You already do</em>, she said, her mental voice thick as she struggled to hold back tears of joy.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They held each other for a moment longer, before Harry pulled back and cleared his throat. Ginny sat back down, blushing lightly. "Anyway," Harry continued, "Ginny, our road may not have been the easiest, but through it all, you were a steady presence at my side. I have never doubted that we will spend the rest of our lives together, and I look forward to fully enjoying the journey."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny grinned happily, as everyone drank their champagne.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry set his flute down and gestured to the wireless. Obediently, it began to play once more. "Now, that's enough talking. Let's get back to the party!"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He held out a hand for Ginny, and pulled her onto the dance floor. Around them, other couples followed their lead, and soon enough, the floor was packed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was nearly dawn by the time everyone headed off to bed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Much earlier than any of them would have liked, they were gathering back on the front steps of the mansion to take portkeys back to England.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and Ginny came down to see them off, once more accepting congratulations, before the large group began to depart. Minerva was the last one to leave, waiting specifically for that moment, so that she could inform the couple of their new living arrangements.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She smiled at the pair, truly happy for them. "I have arranged a suite to be prepared for you near Gryffindor Tower," she informed them. "Everything will be ready when you arrive."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They thanked the headmistress before she left, and it was just the two of them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry grinned at Ginny. <em class="calibre9">Swimming or bed?</em> he asked mischievously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny leveled a mock glare in his direction, and untied the simple sundress she had been wearing. Underneath was a skimpy bikini that Ginny had picked out specially. Without a backward glance, she immediately ran off towards the crystal blue surf.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Shaking his head fondly, Harry stripped off his shirt and followed her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The couple had a wonderful time on their own, and neither one wanted to return to England on the morning of the First. They lay cuddled in bed late that morning, knowing that they needed to get up soon to catch their portkey back, but neither one was willing to move just yet.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry was absentmindedly running a hand down Ginny's side, making small patterns with his finger as Ginny hummed contentedly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">This isn't the real honeymoon, you know</em>, Harry informed her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny forced her eyes open and looked at him, confused. <em class="calibre9">What do you mean?</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged lightly with one shoulder, his wandering hand not pausing in its movements. <em class="calibre9">This is just a couple days of relaxation. I'm thinking about a longer trip over Christmas. How does Australia sound? Or we could go to Italy</em>.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny was now staring. <em class="calibre9">Oh, or we could go to Italy?</em> Her voice was only mostly sarcastic.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry grinned. <em class="calibre9">I've been spending a good deal of time looking over the Potter Family holdings. When I first went over things with Sharptooth several years ago, he informed me of three properties, but that was just because those were the only ones available to me at the time. Now that I've officially taken over as Head of House, I have access to all of them. We have a villa in Tuscany, as well as a manor on the coast near Perth. The villa has been rented out before, but it has been vacant for the last couple of years.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny considered what he was telling her. She had been stunned by the idea that he owned a castle and a manor in Britain, but apparently that was just the tip of the iceberg. <em class="calibre9">Any other properties you've forgotten to mention?</em> she asked archly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged again. <em class="calibre9">There's a penthouse in New York, but that one is being rented out, for nearly ten years now. We've also got a little cottage in Southern France that my great, great grandparents retired to; no one's lived there since, so I'm not sure what state it's in. Then there's the flat in Barcelona, and –</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny reached out and covered his mouth with one hand, even though he was speaking through their minds, and not out loud. Amusedly, she shook her head. <em class="calibre9">We'll go over all the Potter holdings later. I'd like to go to Tuscany,</em> she decided. <em class="calibre9">We've got the rest of our lives to visit all of these places.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded contentedly. <em class="calibre9">Yes we do,</em> he agreed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Knowing that they really had to get up now, the couple left the comfortable bed and began to get dressed.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Soon enough, their bags were packed and shrunken in their pockets, and they were each holding the portkey with one hand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Their bags contained everything they would need for the school year as well, since they would be going directly to the station from here.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They gave their gorgeous surroundings one last look, before they left the white sandy beach and reappeared a short time later on the platform in the wizarding travel section of Kings Cross. Nearby, the Floos were hard at work, but they didn't stay. They were going to meet everyone on the platform, so they didn't waste any time in leaving the room and walking the short distance to the barrier between platforms nine and ten.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked down a few inches into Ginny's loving gaze. "What's the platform number now?" he murmured teasingly, remembering his first trip here.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny grinned. "Platform nine and three quarters. Please, can't I go?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry chuckled, and taking her hand, led her through the barrier.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The scarlet engine shone brightly in front of them, but they didn't spend too much time looking at it, instead focusing their search on the group that was waiting for them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The Weasleys were there with Hermione, as were Luna and her father, and the Greengrasses. The others were not coming, since they didn't actually have family heading back to school. They had, however, all promised to meet in Hogsmeade on the first weekend the students were allowed to visit the village. Ginny knew that this group would not let their friendship slide. They would be close as siblings forever. And she couldn't be happier about that.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There were hugs given all around, before the warning whistle sounded, and Luna and Astoria got on the train. Ginny turned back to Harry and gave him a tight hug. "I'll miss you," she whispered softly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry chuckled. "I'm going to see you in a few hours," he reminded her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny shrugged as she pulled back. "I'll still miss you," she said stubbornly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded understandingly. "Me, too," he replied.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A cough drew their attention away from each other, and Molly smiled gently. "Ginny, dear, you need to get on the train."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded and gave Harry and her mother one last hug, before she hurried towards the train, which was starting to move away from the platform.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry helped her get on, and she turned around, waving to the group of Weasleys that had crowded around her husband. When the train had left Kings Cross behind, she went to find Luna, who was sitting with Astoria in a compartment nearby.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"This is so strange," she commented with a sigh, already missing Harry.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She felt her husband's amusement in her head as he responded to that thought. <em class="calibre9">You know we're never really apart</em>, he said soothingly. <em class="calibre9">I'm always here, and I can't wait until this evening when we see each other again. I'll see you at the feast.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny let out another sigh, and forced herself to focus on Luna and Astoria, to pass the time.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was amazing how much things had changed over the years. She had gone from a naïve girl with a childhood crush, to a woman with a soul bond. She and Harry had been through so much together: Dark Lords, the loss of loved ones, manipulative headmasters, horrible relatives, Death Eaters bent on causing as much destruction as possible… but through it all, they had had each other, and that had made everything seem better, even when it wasn't.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry had always been such a strong presence in her life, and no matter what happened, tomorrow, next week, next month, or ten years down the line, she knew that she would face it all, with him at her side. The way it should be.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She felt Harry's smile in the back of her mind. <em class="calibre9">And don't you ever forget it.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8"> </p>
          <p class="calibre7"> </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>


  <div class="calibre1" id="endnotes23">
    <p class="calibre7">Chapter End Notes</p>
    <blockquote class="userstuff"><p class="calibre7">The poem Ron used in his speech is called Love is Friendship Caught Fire, by Laura Hendricks. Hermione's ending quote was taken from an old Irish blessing. I don't own either one.</p>
<p class="calibre7">I pulled a few other ideas from some other TV shows, and a quote from The Sorcerer's Stone, so if you recognize it, it's probably not mine.</p>
<p class="calibre7">Just the epilogue left, so stay tuned, that will likely be up tomorrow!</p></blockquote>
  </div>

      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_48"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_023.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_025.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
