<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_015.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_15">Chapter 13</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">At nine o'clock precisely, Harry was waiting in the Entrance Hall of Lion's Castle, ready for the new arrivals.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The rest of the group was down in the kitchen, eating breakfast, as three separate beings popped into existence in front of him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Daphne barely restrained herself from flinging herself at Harry, but she was so relieved to see that he was indeed all right.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Luna did not feel the need to hold herself back, and immediately launched herself at her boyfriend, hugging him tightly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise was equally relieved, and after a moment, they all greeted Harry.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry scuffed his foot against the floor. "I'm sorry we didn't take you with us yesterday," he said softly. "I wanted to, but Voldemort was headed right for us, and we couldn't wait any longer. I couldn't find you guys."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise shook his head. "We're all fine, and you did the right thing, Harry. You had to get out."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked a little better as Daphne and Luna also indicated their understanding, and they headed to the kitchen to join the rest for the morning meal. As they walked, Harry filled the newcomers in on what was going on with them, as well as what he knew about the multi-pronged attack Voldemort had carried out the day before.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I'm meeting with Aunt Minerva at noon today to get an update," he told them, as they entered the kitchen.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There were tearful greetings all around, as everyone was happy to see Blaise, Daphne, and Luna. Yesterday's fight had scared them all.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The rest of the morning passed quietly, as they congregated in the library, reading, researching, anything to take their mind off of things, such as their worry for family members.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">At eleven forty five, Harry gave Ginny a kiss and left to Floo to Potter Manor.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The first thing he did when he arrived was add the Manor as a location on his portkey ring.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He then took a seat in one of the comfortable chairs in the sitting room, and waited.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">At twelve o'clock precisely, the fire flared up, and Minerva stepped through, holding a large carry case.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She brushed herself off briefly, and then strode forward to grasp Harry in a tight hug. "Oh thank Merlin," she breathed, clutching him with all her strength.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry gripped back just as tightly. "I'm all right," he assured her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva nodded slightly, and then stepped back. She looked down at the case she was carrying, before passing it to Harry with a small smile. "Hermione and Ginny should be happy to know that I managed to get Crookshanks and Selene. I thought they would want their pets with them."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took the case with a grin, knowing how relieved the two girls would be.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The two took a seat, and Harry told her that he and his friends were planning on continuing their quest, that they would stay in touch, but they had to do this alone. They didn't want too many people involved, in case the wrong person were to catch wind of it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva understood. She didn't like it, but she understood. "You will all take care of yourselves, correct?" she asked sternly, giving him a look no one else would have been able to duplicate.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded soberly. "We'll be as safe as we can. What I really wanted to find out today, though, was the situation everywhere else. What happened at the Ministry and at the Alley?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva sighed, looking down. "The building was lost. Amelia sent out an evacuation signal as she got out, and everyone abandoned the building to the Death Eaters. Arthur, Frank, Alice, Kingsley, and Tonks are all fine, as is Cedric. There were some deaths, but we don't have full details. Amelia and Sirius left earlier this morning to meet with the senior staff in a secure location that they set up as a safe house earlier this year." She shook her head sadly. "Rufus Scrimgeour was killed, as was…" She looked at Harry, her eyes sad. "Harry, Percy didn't make it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry gasped, covering his mouth with his hands. Across the bond, he felt Ginny's wave of pain and horror, but couldn't attempt to comfort her just yet. He was too caught up in his own shock. "How?" he whispered.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva rested a hand on his shoulder. "He pushed Amelia out of the way of a Killing Curse. He died a hero, Harry, that much is certain."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded shakily. <em class="calibre9">Ginny, I'm so sorry.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">He felt Ginny's grief, and winced. A moment later, she got herself under control. <em class="calibre9">Just concentrate on getting information now, Harry, we'll talk later.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry withdrew himself from the conversation and turned back to Minerva. "What about the others?" He was almost afraid of the answer.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva took a deep breath. "Most of our group is at McGonagall Castle. Tonks brought her parents over, since our wards are stronger. Sirius and Amelia decided to open up the Bones Estate to any Ministry employees who need a place to lay low, and they're staying with us. Sirius, Remus, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were at the Alley, and reported it to be in shambles, but they were all unharmed." She smiled slightly. "Bill mentioned this morning that his employers want a report on your status. As he put it, they told him when he left yesterday afternoon, to make sure that his 'friends' were unharmed."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry chuckled. Being on good terms with the goblins was certainly a good thing.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva sighed. "The Alley is a mess, and I am certain people won't be shopping there for a while. Many people were injured or killed in the fight. Some are still missing."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Missing?" Harry questioned.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva shook her head. "Sirius said that Ollivander was dragged from his shop by Death Eaters, and has not been seen since."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry's eyes widened. "What would they want with him?" he asked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva pursed her lips. "We can only guess."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, but he had a feeling that whenever they did find out, it wouldn't be good.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"In the meantime, I will let everyone know that you are well, and that the others are fine. Is there any specific message you would like me to carry?" Minerva asked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "Tell Molly and Arthur how sorry I am for their loss. And Bill and the twins as well." Minerva nodded, and Harry looked at the floor. "Tell everyone that we miss them, and that we'll be careful."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva nodded again, and gave Harry a hug. They stood up together, and Harry walked a few feet forward with his pseudo aunt, stopping when they reached the mantle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I'll try to write at least once a week," Harry assured her. "And I'll keep you keyed into the wards here, just in case. If something comes up and you need to get someone else here, use the medallion I gave you, and let me know. I know we're probably being overly cautious, but –"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva shook her head, cutting him off. "I understand, Harry. Caution is a good thing, even if it seems as if you're being paranoid. I'm glad you're taking precautions. I will expect to hear from you soon, all right?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. "I'll make sure to send you an update by next week. If something comes up beforehand, just use the medallion."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva smiled as she felt the medallion through her dress. She never took it off, and it was good to know that she had a way of getting in touch with Harry in an emergency if need be.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After one more hug, Minerva Flooed back to McGonagall Castle, and Harry collected the carry case containing the two cats, before he used his ring to get him back to Lion's Castle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">His friends met him in the Entrance Hall, looking confused.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Harry, what's going on?" Ron asked worriedly. They had all been startled out of their reading when Ginny had gasped loudly and rushed out of the room. Blaise, Daphne, and Luna were more alarmed than the rest, not knowing anything about why she may have done such a thing.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The others had come to the conclusion that something Minerva had told Harry had upset her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked at each of them grimly. "Let's go to the library," he said softly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione gave a small shriek when she saw the case that Harry was carrying. "Harry, do you have…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced down at his hand, and started. He had actually forgotten he was carrying the case. He set it down and let the two cats out. "Aunt Minerva got them back to the Castle. She thought you and Ginny would like them back."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione scooped up Crookshanks and cradled him against her chest, a few tears leaking from her eyes. She had been so worried for him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Selene looked around at the teenagers, stretched, and then bounded off to find the human that belonged to her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny joined them as they entered the massive library, her eyes red as she cuddled Selene close to her. Harry put an arm around her shoulders as they walked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">I'm so sorry, Gin.</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded slightly. <em class="calibre9">I can't believe it,</em> her mental voice was soft. <em class="calibre9">We just got him back.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">They sat down, and Harry turned to Ron, his emerald eyes somber. "Ron…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron's face drained of blood. "No…" he whispered. "Who…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry looked down. "Percy."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron gasped, and the others looked shocked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"How?" Hermione asked softly, wrapping an arm around Ron's back, pulling him close to her in an effort to comfort him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip. "He pushed Amelia out of the way of a Killing Curse."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all absorbed the information, reeling from the blow. Of course they knew there were casualties in a war; Daphne had already lost her mother, Ron and Ginny had lost uncles, Harry and Susan had lost their parents, as had Neville, for a while. But it still hurt, and none of them wanted to lose another loved one.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan shifted in her seat. "I'm so sorry, guys. If there's anything I can do…"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron looked at Harry. "Tell us everything McGonagall said. Was anyone else…?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head. "From what she said, our circle was mostly unharmed. Rufus Scrimgeour, the DMLE Head, was killed, and Ollivander is missing. The Alley is in shambles, and the Ministry building is lost."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Aunt Amelia's all right?" Susan whispered, hope shining in her eyes.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded, smiling slightly. "Aunt Minerva said that Amelia and Sirius were meeting with the senior officials in a safe house this morning, and that they could still operate in the shadows if need be. The Ministry hasn't completely fallen, just the building. She also said that Sirius and Amelia opened up the Bones Estate to house any Ministry employees that needed someplace safe to stay."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan nodded, smiling a little. That sounded like her aunt.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I can't believe what the wizarding world has turned to," Blaise commented softly. "In one day, thousands of people have been killed, injured, or forced into hiding. How many more will die before this war is over?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry's eyes hardened. "We had better do everything we can to stop Voldemort before it comes to that, then." He looked at each of them in turn. "I can't do this alone, and I don't want to. You're all here because together, we can stop this. It's the only way."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded firmly. "Find the horcruxes. Destroy them. Kill Voldemort. We can do this. We <em class="calibre9">have</em> to do this."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"But how can we destroy the horcruxes now?" Neville asked. "The sword is still in Dumbledore's office at Hogwarts."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head. "One step at a time. The horcruxes we have are safe for now, so let's deal with finding the others, and work on how to get the sword out."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They agreed, and decided to head up to the kitchen for lunch.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry fell back with Ron, gesturing for Hermione to go on ahead. She did so with one last helpless look at her boyfriend, before leaving them alone.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry waited for Ron to say something, knowing that his redhead friend had to come to him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After a few moments, Ron swallowed. "We always teased him. He was so studious, and he didn't like to play Quidditch, or really do anything besides read. What if –"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head. "He knew that you all loved him. He came back, remember? He realized that he had been wrong, and he wanted to be a part of the family again. He's a hero, Ron. He gave his life to protect Amelia. You can't get much more heroic than that."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron nodded, looking a little better, as they joined the rest of their friends.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape tried to ignore the apprehension curling in his gut as he walked up the path to Hogwarts, the castle looming imposingly above him. He had acted the part of dutiful Death Eater, and responded immediately to the summons of the Dark Lord, but for some reason, he couldn't get rid of the feeling that something was wrong.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The day before, he had vacated the premises as soon as he had heard of the battle taking place by the train. He couldn't be seen helping the light side, but he wouldn't fight with Voldemort either. The safest and best thing for him to do, it seemed, was leave.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">But this morning, he had felt the call of his former master, and had responded, knowing the consequences of not doing so.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The door opened as he approached, and Lucius sneered at him. "Severus. He's waiting."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape nodded curtly and brushed past Malfoy. He noted the younger Malfoy brooding in a corner as he entered the Great Hall, which Voldemort had apparently decided to turn into his new throne room. He had previously used the Great Hall at Malfoy Manor, where Snape had managed to hide the Weasley twins' listening device, which was no small feat, getting it into place without anyone noticing. But with the Dark Lord's conquering of Hogwarts, it seemed he had decided to move court to the castle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Voldemort observed the potions master neutrally, his red eyes gleaming. "Severus."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape approached the Dark Lord cautiously, hiding his unease, as he knelt. "You called, My Lord?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Voldemort inclined his head. "Many things have not added up lately, Severus." His left hand came up and began stroking Nagini's head, as the snake curled around her master. "Why did Dumbledore's Order become so much more knowledgeable these past months? Yes, something seems to be off."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape stopped himself from swallowing, a lump appearing in his throat as he felt the danger looming. "My Lord, I cannot answer this question."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Can you not?" Voldemort looked at him closely. "I have considered the possibilities many times, but only one scenario seems to fit. You, Severus, have sown your seeds on both sides. You say you are loyal to me, yet you attended meetings with the old fool and call yourself loyal to the light as well. So which is it?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape stiffened. "My Lord knows I only serve him."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Voldemort almost smiled. "We shall see."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">And then he was casting the Cruciatus Curse on Snape with a vengeance.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The Potions Master fell to the ground, twitching and writhing in pain.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Voldemort held him under the curse for several minutes, before he lifted it. "Tell me, Severus, how long has it been since you switched sides? How much did you tell the old fool about our plans?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Severus let out a half groan, half whimper, and Voldemort's lips curled into a sneer, before he ruthlessly cast the curse again.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Four more times, Snape was subjected to the worst curse imaginable. By the time the Dark Lord had lost interest, Snape was nearly unconscious, and certainly didn't have the ability to fight back.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Voldemort cast him aside with a flick of the wand, and turned to the two Malfoys. "Clean up this mess," he ordered, before sweeping out of the room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lucius and Draco used their wands to cart Snape's body outside, sneering all the while and expressing their disappointment that such a promising half blood had turned out to be just another piece of filth.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape feigned unconsciousness, but knew he would need to act quickly if he was to have any chance, as he could feel the black of blissful oblivion creeping in.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Halfway down the path towards the gate, beyond which led the road to Hogsmeade, the Malfoys dropped Snape to the ground. Draco's eyes gleamed in the moonlight, eager to prove his worth to the Dark Lord.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Lucius casually cast a cutting curse that caught Snape on the shoulder, and that was when the Potions Master acted.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He reached out swiftly and knocked Lucius to the ground. Standing up was a bit of a challenge, but he forced his legs under him as he grabbed Lucius' dropped wand and stunned Draco. He may have been weak, but his stunner still knocked Draco back a good five feet, where he crumpled to the hard stone path.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Snape quickly limped towards the gate, knowing that he didn't have much time before the alarm was sounded.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Death Eaters were pouring out of the front entrance as Snape passed the boundary, and without wasting any more time, he concentrated harder than he had since he was sixteen and just learning how to apparate, and willed his body to appear at his desired destination.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva was recounting her conversation with Harry that evening, for the second time, as Sirius, Amelia, and Kingsley had only just returned from their meeting with the senior officials, when a siren blared through the Castle, causing everyone in residence to quickly make their way to the Entrance Hall, wands in hand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva's wand was raised slightly, pointed at the doors, as she looked at everyone gathered around her. It was a large group, consisting of herself, Sirius, Remus, Amelia, Kingsley, Ted, Andromeda, Tonks, Augusta, Bill, Fleur, Fred, George, Arthur, Molly, Frank, and Alice.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Someone has breached the wards," she informed them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank's eyes widened. "An attack?" he asked, glancing at the closed and bolted doors leading out to the grounds.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva shook her head slightly. "That alarm indicates that it is someone who is allowed access, but not on the list of those keyed into the wards."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She turned to the doors and waved her wand. Noiselessly, the bolt lifted up and the doors opened. Minerva frowned, venturing outside cautiously. A short distance from the doors was what looked to be a pile of clothing.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She moved forward and bent down next to the pile. It shifted and groaned, and Minerva reared back in surprise.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Suddenly, Sirius and Remus were at her side, Frank and Alice not far behind.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Minerva?" Sirius asked, tightening the grip on his wand.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva glanced at him, and then reached out to prod the pile, turning it over.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all gasped at the nearly unconscious Potions Master.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva quickly called for several house elves to take him inside, but the man caught her arm before she could stand up. His obsidian eyes were half closed, but rimmed in red.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He looked at her in a way that had her uncertain if he actually knew where he was. "Dark… Lord…" he coughed, before his eyes closed and he lapsed into unconsciousness.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Three house elves moved in and brought him to an empty room, while another went down to the potions storeroom to gather healing potions. Suddenly, Minerva realized that they didn't have a healer.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius, however, was a step ahead. "I'm going to get Narcissa. Minerva, will you add her to the wards within the next few minutes? She'll be able to help."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva nodded as Sirius ran to the Floo and disappeared in a flash of green fire.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When he returned five minutes later, the group was still in the Entrance Hall, waiting anxiously. Narcissa trailed behind her cousin, her normally pale face completely ashen. Severus had helped her get free of the Dark Lord and of her husband. She would do whatever she could to ensure his health.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius led her to Snape's room and then left her alone to work, with a house elf on call to fetch anything she needed, before he returned to the others.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was over an hour before Narcissa reappeared, tired and shaking slightly, but not giving off the defeated air of having lost a patient.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The rest had taken seats near the staircase, but they all stood up quickly as the woman entered. Narcissa took a moment to marvel at their anxious expressions – if only Severus knew how much this group cared for him! – before she smiled slightly. "He's out of danger," she informed them. There was a collective sigh of relief. Narcissa descended the last few steps. "He'll be sore for a while yet, but fortunately he should escape permanent damage."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"What happened?" Tonks asked.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa bit her lip, glancing at the Longbottoms briefly. "He suffered a prolonged exposure to the Cruciatus Curse."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank and Alice inhaled sharply, grasping each other's hands tightly, while the others looked at them sympathetically.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa sighed. "His mind appears to be sound, though his limbs will be shaking for a while. Additionally, he has some bruises from thrashing around under the curse, and a Cutting Curse to his shoulder, which missed anything vital. For the time being, he's unconscious. I'm not sure when he'll wake up, but the good news is that I am certain he will."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius smiled and guided her towards the kitchen. "Thank you, Narcissa. Why don't you get something to eat, and then get some rest yourself. You look tired."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa glared at him halfheartedly. "You should know better than to say that to a woman, Sirius. If I weren't so exhausted, I would hex you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The women all laughed, while the men smiled slightly. Despite her words, Narcissa put up no fight as the house elves plied her with food. The others all snacked a little, still thinking about the man currently unconscious upstairs.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After a few minutes, Sirius told Narcissa that he would return to the safe house and collect her things. When she protested, he put his foot down. "Those wards may be sound, but I would prefer you to stay here for the time being. You'll be of more help nearby, to take care of Severus, and keep him from getting out of bed before he's ready. You could also use the potions lab here, to brew potions that we'll probably need in the near future."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa sighed but assented, and Sirius left the room.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The others all drifted off after a while, until Narcissa was nearly alone at the table.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She glanced down a few seats to the few stragglers, and swallowed. She hated apologies, but if anyone deserved one, it was the duo sitting two seats down. "I would like to apologize for what my sister and brother-in-law did to your family," she said quietly, causing Frank and Alice to halt their conversation and turn to her in shock.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa looked down at her nearly empty plate, shamed at what Bellatrix had descended to.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Frank furrowed his brow, but it was Alice's kind voice that raised the proud woman's gaze to meet theirs. "Frank and I believe that everyone is responsible for their own actions. Narcissa, you had no control over what Bellatrix did. We don't hold you accountable, so don't hold yourself accountable."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa sniffed, amazed at these people. If it were her, she would be blaming the whole family for what they had done.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Andromeda had entered just in time to hear Alice's response, and she hurried forward to support her sister. "Cissy, you can't blame yourself. Believe me, it took me a long time to stop feeling guilty over what my family had done, but Alice is right. You are your own person."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Narcissa leaned into the embrace, letting out all of the fear, anger, and guilt that had been building up. "I'm so sorry," she sobbed. "I should have listened to you all those years ago. I should never have married him, you were right."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Andromeda soothed her patiently, knowing that she needed to get all of this out. A pointed look at Frank and Alice had the Aurors departing, leaving the sisters alone.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After five minutes, Narcissa's sobs slowed, and Andromeda knew that she was nearly asleep, so she gently maneuvered her sister up, and practically carried her to the second floor, putting her in an empty room near Snape's, taking off her shoes and socks, but leaving her clothed, before she dimmed the lamp and left, leaving the door opened just a crack behind her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As she headed in the direction of the library, she felt as if a weight had lifted. For so many years, she had been shunned as the Black daughter that had dared marry a muggleborn. Her sisters had stopped talking to her, her parents had disowned her. But after all these years, she had Narcissa back!</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She sat down next to her husband and pulled a book towards her, smiling broadly and ignoring the inquisitive looks she was being given. Nothing could dampen her mood right now.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry knew that the only thing he and his friends could do was take it week by week, but he had no idea before now, how long a week really was.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They spent their time researching and trying to narrow down locations, but it just seemed like busy work, something to keep them occupied because they couldn't do anything else. Harry just tried to be grateful that at least they had somewhere safe and comfortable to sleep; they could have been spending this time camping outside – the brutal United Kingdom winter definitely made them all thankful for the warm castle they were staying in.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry knew that not nearly as many bedrooms were in use as they should be, but he didn't say anything. He had seen Susan and Neville unpacking in the same room, and he was aware that Blaise and Luna were sharing as well. He trusted his friends to be safe and responsible, and he wouldn't regulate how they spent their nights. Ron and Hermione were still sleeping in separate rooms, but Harry knew that his oldest friends were much shyer about their relationship than the others, and didn't judge them for that. Ron and Hermione were keen on taking their relationship slow, because they wanted it to last, and didn't want to rush into anything they weren't quite ready for.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry, Ron, and Neville were pleasantly surprised and relieved to wake up the day after Harry had met with Minerva, to find all of their owls waiting for them in the dining room, each one wearing similarly smug expressions on their faces. All three owls appeared to be very proud of the fact that they had found their owner even behind the impressive wards surrounding the Castle. The boys weren't complaining, however, as each of them had been worried about their pets.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione went out two days after Harry's meeting with Minerva, using glamour charms, to get a copy of the <em class="calibre9">Prophet</em>.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Just by looking at the front page, they could tell that Voldemort was officially in control. The attacks he had carried out on Hogwarts, the Ministry, and Diagon Alley were reported on as a 'resounding defeat of the oppressive regime, and the uprising of the new and noble leader.' Herbert Yaxley had been named as the new Minister for Magic, and though many of those who had previously been employed at the Ministry had gone into hiding, the building was functioning again. Those who had fewer ties to the light side, or who were pureblood or half-blood, had returned to work, though Arthur, Frank, and Alice made no move to do so. They knew it wouldn't end well for them, as all three were known members of the light side. Tonks and Kingsley, likewise, decided it would be prudent for them to stay out of sight for the time being.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">There wasn't much information of value, but Harry didn't expect it since Voldemort was most likely controlling the paper. He did make note of the restricted access to the Alley, with hours that people could shop being severely limited, as well as the muggleborn registration commission.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They were all outraged at the article that called for all 'so-called muggleborns' to submit themselves for questioning by the end of the week, so that they could be interrogated on how they got their magic, since it clearly wasn't through blood.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry doubted any of those who submitted themselves would be heard from again.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When they got stir-crazy sitting around the library, they explored the Castle. Everything was in pretty good shape, considering no one had lived there for centuries. Harry spoke with the house elves, and discovered that they had used preservation charms on the furniture, as well as spells that kept dust from settling, and pests from invading. Harry was very impressed, and thanked them wholeheartedly for keeping his family home in excellent condition.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">All of the elves were crying with pleasure, and immediately popped away to ensure they continued to do their master proud.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was impressive how well stocked the entire Castle was. Even beyond the charms protecting the furniture, the kitchen was completely full, and there were full closets in every room. A few transfigurations had them looking like clothes that a typical teenager in this century would wear.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A few days later, Blaise, Daphne, and Luna pulled him aside and asked if they could get their families to a safer location.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry bit his lip as he considered. "You don't think your wards are safe enough?" he asked curiously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Daphne glared at him. "My home has already been broken into once before. I won't lose any more family to that bastard."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry winced and rested a hand on her shoulder. "I'm sorry, Daph. Send your families a letter with Mimsy, have them pack a bag, and I'll get them to McGonagall Castle. There should be more than enough room there."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all nodded and disappeared to do just that.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The day after that, Harry sent them a letter telling them to Floo to Potter Manor shortly after noon in two days, so that they could get to McGonagall Castle safely. He then sent Minerva a letter asking her to meet him at the same time.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Two days later, Harry left the others practicing in the dueling room, and Flooed to his Ancestral Home. The first thing he did was add the Greengrasses, Madam Zabini, and Mr. Lovegood to the access list, before he settled in to wait the remaining few minutes for Minerva to show up.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He stood up quickly when Minerva stepped out of the fireplace, and her grim expression clued Harry in that something was wrong. He had to sit down again when she told him about Snape.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Is he all right?" Harry asked worriedly, once she had finished.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva sighed and also took a seat. "He's still unconscious," she informed him. "Narcissa has barely left his side, and she is keeping him asleep for now, to try and heal some of the nerve damage the Cruciatus Curse caused. We won't know everything until he wakes up, but Narcissa tells us that it isn't wise to attempt to do so until he is further along in the healing process."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry let out a shaky breath. "Please keep me informed," he said, his eyes full of worry for the snarky man.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva nodded and attempted a smile, before she moved on to more news, including the Taboo that had been placed on the Dark Lord's name.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I believe powerful wards, such as goblin wards, will block it, but if you venture out in public, do not use the name," Minerva warned. "It will cause Death Eaters to be able to apparate to your exact location."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded shakily, making a mental note to not use the name when they ventured beyond Lion's Castle, before he told her of his promise to house his friends' families at McGonagall Castle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva raised an eyebrow. "I know that they need to be somewhere safe, Harry, but I'm not sure you understand how full the Castle really is. We're housing pretty much everyone in our circle. Augusta, Frank, and Alice don't want to go home yet – I believe what happened at the end of the last war has sharpened their fears. Amelia and Sirius have opened their home to anyone who needs somewhere to hide, so they don't really have anywhere else to go for the time being. And the Weasleys believe their home to be too well known to risk staying there right now."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded. He understood, but he also would not take no for an answer. "None of them have wards as good as ours, and I promised Blaise, Daphne, and Luna that I would make sure they were safe. Daphne can't lose another family member. They'll be here in a few minutes."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva sighed, shaking her head slightly. "All right, Harry. They can stay with us for as long as they need. We'll manage."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry snorted. "It's not like the Castle is lacking in space."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva rolled her eyes, but had to agree. Her Ancestral Home was rather spacious. It was just getting a little too crowded for her, but she wouldn't turn anyone away if they needed help.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Their conversation was cut off by the fire flaring up, as Madam Zabini stepped through. She brushed herself off briskly before greeting Harry and Minerva.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"I thank you for your willingness to open your home," Druella smiled thinly at Minerva. "I know my son worries. Especially after what happened last year."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Minerva nodded, taking the hand Madam Zabini offered. "I am always willing to lend aid to those who need it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Druella turned to Harry. "While I cannot claim to understand why my son felt the need to leave on some adventure, I trust him to take care of himself, and I know he would not disappear unless he felt there was no other option."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry smiled, and shook his friend's mother's hand. "It is a pleasure to see you again, Madam Zabini. I apologize for all the inconvenience, but I promise that we will do our best to ensure Blaise's safety."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Druella nodded sharply. "You all do your best to ensure all of your safety. We will manage, but whatever you are doing, it must be dangerous, and important, for Blaise to be so vague about it. I trust my son, Lord Potter. I also trust you, so do not make a liar of me."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded quickly, and then stepped forward to greet Luna's father as he stepped through the Floo, and a moment after that, Cyrus and Astoria as they arrived at the Manor.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After the greetings, they all left with Minerva, and a promise that Harry would try to keep in touch with them, before he was left alone in his family home once more. After removing everyone but himself and Minerva from the access list, Harry returned to Lion's Castle.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">His friends were shocked to learn of the Taboo, and knew that they would need to remind themselves to not use the name in public, since they were accustomed to calling the megalomaniac by his moniker.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They knew that they were safe behind the wards of the Castle, because they had used the name multiple times and nothing had happened, but they would need to use caution everywhere else.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron surprised them all by chuckling once Harry had finished speaking. When they looked at him, he shrugged. "Sorry, I was just thinking about how McGonagall must feel like she's running an inn or something. How many people are staying with her?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry had to let out a snort as he agreed. "A lot," he replied. "Your parents have moved in, plus Sirius and Amelia, the Tonkses, Remus, Fred and George, Bill and Fleur, Kingsley, Snape, Narcissa, Frank, Alice, and Augusta, and now the Greengrasses, Madam Zabini, and Mr. Lovegood." He shook his head slightly. "Aunt Minerva also said that the Bones Estate has basically turned into a giant housing unit for Ministry employees in hiding. The building is back up and running, but that's just so Voldemort can pretend he's in control."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Erm, Harry, he is in control," Susan had to point out.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shook his head. "He thinks that, and most everyone else probably does as well, but consider this: we're still here, we're not locked up or dead, and we've got the knowledge of how to end the war. I'd say we're the ones in control."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all looked startled, but after a moment, what he had said sunk in, and they had to agree.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry raised an eyebrow. "So, now that that's cleared up, let's get back to work, shall we?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They nodded, and returned to their dueling practice.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="menulink">
        <p class="calibre7"> </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_28"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_013.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_015.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
