<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <meta content="ie=edge" http-equiv="x-ua-compatible"/>
    <title>Got One Hundred Steps to - rayrae118 - Harry Potter - J K</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Got One Hundred Steps to Go (Tonight I'll Make it Ninety Nine)
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    rayrae118

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_022.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_024.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div id="chapters" class="userstuff1">
<div class="calibre1">
<h2 class="heading" id="calibre_toc_24">Chapter 22</h2>


</div>


<div class="userstuff2">
  
<p class="calibre7"/><div class="calibre1">
  <p class="calibre7"/>
  <div class="calibre1">
    <p class="calibre7"/>
    <div class="calibre1">
      <p class="calibre7"/>
      <div class="byline">
        <p class="calibre7"/>
        <div class="calibre1">
          <p class="calibre8">When the train pulled into Kings Cross in London, Harry led his friends onto the platform. It was easy enough to find Molly waiting for them near the exit. Madam Zabini was there, along with Cyrus, Augusta, and Hermione's parents.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly fussed over all of them, shedding tears over her grown up 'babies'. She couldn't believe they had graduated already.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After several minutes, she turned to the whole group and beamed. "We're all going back to McGonagall Castle tonight. We'll have a nice party to celebrate, how does that sound?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone nodded their agreement, and they quickly headed towards the Floo section of Kings Cross. Harry knew that Sirius and Remus were both caught up at Hogwarts still, finishing up some grading and getting things ready for the break, which was why they hadn't come to collect him. Likewise, the other adults in their group were still at work, and would meet them later in the evening.</p>
          <p class="calibre8"><em class="calibre9">So, how does it feel to be a graduate?</em> Ginny asked, as they lined up to step through the Floo.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry glanced at her sidelong. <em class="calibre9">Honestly, it hasn't really sunk in yet.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny smiled. <em class="calibre9">Just give it some time. I'm glad you're going to be at school next year, though. I wouldn't want to go a whole year without you.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry nodded slightly, so as not to draw attention from the rest of the group. <em class="calibre9">That's the idea. I'm not sure about the job, really, but it seems simple enough. I'm a good flyer, and I've had a lot of practice with teaching, so it should be no problem. Aunt Minerva said that Madam Hooch can stay on part time for the first couple of months if needed, to referee the first Quidditch game. I'm going to study and sit the test hopefully before the term ends, since I can't referee without having that certification.</em></p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded slightly, as Harry gave her hand a squeeze before stepping into the fireplace, followed quickly by his wife, and then Molly, who was the last one through.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The party began as soon as they arrived, with good food and laughter. Minerva, Remus, and Sirius arrived shortly after the group from the station, and Amelia, Kingsley, Arthur, Frank, Alice, and Tonks came a bit later, from the Ministry. Bill, Fleur, Fred, and George arrived from Diagon Alley around the same time. Charlie had returned to Romania just a few weeks after the term had begun, but they would send him an invitation to Harry and Ginny's wedding, so he could meet them in Greece.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The evening passed pleasantly, with the large group sharing stories of their own experiences in school, and how they had felt after graduating.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They spoke of Harry and Ginny's upcoming wedding, set for August Twenty-Ninth. The group would arrive at Sirius' island three days beforehand, and most of them would depart on the morning of the Thirtieth. Harry and Ginny would stay on the island for a mini-honeymoon, and would be back in London on the morning of the First, so that Ginny could take the train to school. Harry would head to Hogwarts separately, as he would be a teacher now, not a student.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Towards the end of the evening, the adults congregated in the dining room, while the teenagers migrated outside, enjoying the crisp and clear night.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They sat on the patio, drinking butterbeer and talking about their future plans.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Daphne had apparently received quite a recommendation from Snape, and had gotten a tentative apprenticeship with a renowned Potions Mistress, pending notification of her NEWT scores; assuming her grades were satisfactory, she would begin immediately after the wedding.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise, similarly, had an interview for an apprenticeship lined up at St. Mungos next week. If that went well, and if his NEWT scores were acceptable, he would likely start after the wedding as well.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron would be meeting with the captain, coach, owner, and manager of the Appleby Arrows later in the week, and would begin training in October, when the team returned from their break. The Quidditch season ended in August, with the World Cup; after that, teams would go on a vacation for several months, before they returned to begin training for the next season.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione bit her lip as they looked at her in silent question. She shrugged lightly. "I'm speaking with several Arithmancy Masters right now. I haven't decided anything, but I want to continue studying."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all chuckled a little. Of course Hermione wouldn't be satisfied just graduating Hogwarts. She would want to keep going.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan leaned forward eagerly. "Once we receive our NEWT scores, I'm going to apply to the Auror Academy. The new class starts next month," she grinned. "Aunt Amelia said they're condensing the training period into one year instead of three for the foreseeable future."  She sobered slightly.  "They lost quite a few Aurors in the war, and need to rebuild."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"That's great, Susan," Harry smirked. "But are you sure you'll be accepted? You might not make it."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan growled and tossed a napkin at him. "Prat."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry laughed, and Susan smiled, knowing he was just joking. A moment later, Harry got serious again. "I might head that way in a couple of years," he informed them. "I think I still want to work for the DMLE at some point. I just want some distance and perspective first. Working at Hogwarts will give me a chance to unwind a bit, and stay close to Ginny," he smiled at his wife, who grinned back. "After that, I'm thinking I might do a little travel, get some hands-on experience."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">"Don't you think you've had enough hands-on experience to last a lifetime?" Neville asked curiously.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry shrugged. "I meant in something other than fighting. I sent a letter to Sharptooth a couple weeks ago, asking about the work they do abroad, and whether or not I could apply for a temporary position with them." He bit his lip. "Bill and Fleur have asked for a reassignment within the next year or so, and Sharptooth indicated they would be heading to Egypt, and that I could join them if I want."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They were all a little surprised, except for Ginny, who knew Harry's tentative plans, and though she wouldn't like it if he left for a few months or as much as a year, she accepted it. Harry needed to do things for himself, just like she needed to have her own life. She was considering going with him, at least for a few months. If she did end up getting an offer from the Harpies, like Gwenog had suggested she might, she would need to be back to start training in October, so that would give her the summer to travel with Harry. If he wanted to stay longer, she would just leave without him.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Neville cleared his throat. "I'm going to start studying for a Herbology Mastery next month. I already have an apprenticeship lined up. Professor Sprout gave me an excellent recommendation. My soon-to-be Master said he didn't even need to wait for my NEWT scores, he offered me the apprenticeship just after that first meeting. Apparently, Professor Sprout's recommendation was enough for him, and he didn't even need to see my scores."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">He accepted their congratulations with humility, and the topic of conversation moved back to Harry and Ginny's wedding.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It would be a very small ceremony, with only a few others beyond those at the Castle that evening being invited. Harry was quick to ask Ron to be his best man, which had the redhead beaming in excitement.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny asked Hermione to be her maid of honor, and the older girl was ecstatic to accept.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Other than the teenagers, the guest list included Minerva, Sirius and Amelia, Molly and Arthur, Charlie, Fred, George, Bill and Fleur, Remus and Tonks, Ted and Andromeda, Kingsley, Augusta, Frank and Alice, Cyrus, Astoria, and Snape and Narcissa, much to their surprise.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">As for the rest of the wedding party, Harry asked Neville, Blaise, and Bill to be groomsmen; they would be walking down the aisle with Susan, Luna, and Daphne, Ginny's bridesmaids.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The only note of sorrow was the fact that Percy wouldn't be there to enjoy the day with them. Ginny knew it was painful for her mum and dad, and she also felt a hole in her heart at the thought of the older brother she had never really had much in common with, but had loved all the same. She would enjoy spending the day with her family and friends, celebrating the love that she and Harry shared, but she knew that Percy's absence would hit them hard.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When the group dispersed for the night, everyone felt calm and relaxed, as they had never felt at the end of a school year before. Ever since Harry's first year, in fact, something had always happened, and the school year ended on a down note. But not now.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The past was the past, and the future was uncertain. But one thing was for sure: they all had the chance to let their future develop. No more Dark Lord trying to hunt them down, no more Death Eaters cursing them at every turn. They all had lives to live, mistakes to make, and dreams to fulfill.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Whatever else happened, they at least had that.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The next morning, Molly dragged Ginny away from her goal of spending the entire day helping Harry clean out and prepare Potter Manor for inhabiting, and instead wrangled her into a lengthy dress fitting.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Apparently, while Ginny had been completing her sixth year, her mother had been working on a wedding dress. Ginny knew this was something her mother wanted to do, and after trying it on, she knew she would love it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly sniffed tearfully when Ginny complimented the dress. "I'm actually altering an older one," she informed her daughter. "Sirius gave me the wedding dress Lily wore when she married James. I made a few changes, but the overall shape is the same, and much of the fabric is original. I thought you and Harry would both appreciate the history."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny looked down at the dress her mother was altering. It was a beautiful modified ball gown style. It had had off the shoulder lace long sleeves at one point, but Molly was changing it to be a shorter cap sleeve. The neckline made a deep V that showed more cleavage than Ginny had thought her mother would approve of, but Molly had assured her that it accented Ginny's figure perfectly. The rest of the dress was a simple satin that hugged her down to the waist; the skirt was not quite a full ball gown, but it was fuller than a typical A-line. The lace from the sleeves carried through around the back, and provided a sheer cover to what would have otherwise been a backless dress. The satin fabric started at her lower back; it was sexy and yet elegant. Ginny was very surprised that her mother had chosen this design, but Molly was not unaware of her daughter's figure. The dress was going to look fabulous on her.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">By mid-afternoon, Molly had made the adjustments she needed, and let Ginny go with a hidden sigh. She knew that Ginny wanted to spend time with Harry, but she only had a short amount of time left with her daughter. Even if they were already married, Ginny was still underage for another few days, and Molly could pretend that she still had some say over her daughter.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny stopped before she stepped through the Floo, sensing her mother's sadness. She hurried back and gave Molly a tight hug. "I love you, mum," she whispered.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly's breath hitched, as she hugged back just as securely. "It doesn't matter how grown up you get, you'll always be my baby," she murmured.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny pulled back, sniffing lightly as she smiled. "I know, mum. I'll always be your daughter. No matter what."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly nodded, tearing up as she observed the beautiful young woman her daughter had grown into. "Percy would have loved to be here for this," she commented with a sniff.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny looked down at her shoes. "I wish he could be here," she commiserated. "I miss him. I mean, we never had much in common, but he was my brother and a good man. I wish we hadn't lost so much time with him."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly felt a few more tears leak out. "I know, dear. We all have our regrets. I wish I could go back and tell him every day how much I love him. But he'll always be with us. And I am so grateful that he came back to us."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny nodded and gave her mother another hug, before Molly gestured for her daughter to go find her husband. Ginny wiped her eyes quickly, and hurried through the Floo.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Time passed quietly over the next week. Ginny went out for a day in muggle London with Molly, Hermione, Susan, Luna, and Daphne, to hunt for dresses for the girls to wear. They would need to find them that day, but they didn't have to worry about getting the right sizes in time, or even the right colors, since they could fix all of that with magic.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The day was quite enjoyable for the group, as they visited several stores before finding what they were looking for. They had lunch out at an upscale café near the shops, before heading back out to keep hunting for dresses and accessories.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly had wanted to go to Madam Malkins to custom order dresses, but they wouldn't be ready in time, so Harry had suggested the day trip to muggle London instead. He had handed Ginny a rectangular piece of plastic, explaining how credit cards worked, and told her to use it for any purchases. Minerva had gone with him shortly after their return from Hogwarts this summer, to set up a bank account for himself in the muggle world. It was definitely advantageous, to have the option and ability to spend money in the muggle world, without having to first go to Gringotts to exchange galleons for pounds.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly, Luna, and Daphne had been a little uncertain, but Hermione promised to help Ginny if she was unsure of anything – Harry had always been the one to handle money, the few times Ginny had been in the muggle world. Susan wasn't quite as nervous as the others, since she had been out a few times with her aunt, but all the same, she was grateful that Hermione was there, just in case.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">By early evening, they had found the perfect dresses for Hermione, Susan, Luna, and Daphne, and paid for them upfront, declining the shop's offer to alter the dresses. They weren't a great color, nor did any of them fit well, but magic was a wonderful thing, and they would handle making sure the dresses were perfect on the day of the ceremony. Alice and Fleur had offered their assistance to Molly, so that the woman wouldn't have to work on the bridesmaids dresses as well as Ginny's dress, all on her own.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry, Ron, Neville, Blaise, and Bill would all wear suits that would match the dresses. They would charm the boutonnières to be the same color. They had spent the day before picking out clothing, and fortunately, their suits didn't require as much altering as the dresses would.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">With the hardest part of the clothing taken care of, things settled down again. Molly, Alice, and Fleur were busy altering the dresses to fit the girls, while Molly also worked to finish Ginny's dress.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A few times, Molly bemoaned the small ceremony. She wanted a huge event, with all their family and friends, but Harry and Ginny put their foot down, and insisted. They didn't want a large ceremony with tons of relatives they barely knew. It was just a formality, really. They were already married. Besides, the larger the event, the more chance there was of someone managing to sneak in. They didn't want their wedding to turn into a media circus.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly understood their thought process, she just wanted to show off her son-in-law to everyone. It had nothing to do with Harry being the Boy Who Lived, she was simply proud of the man he was. He was kind, and thoughtful, caring, and so good to Ginny. She didn't care about those silly labels the wizarding world placed on his shoulders; to her family, he was simply Harry. One of the most amazing young men she had ever known.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">In between wedding details, Harry and Ginny had both begun to pack up their belongings in preparation to move to Potter Manor. They wouldn't be spending any time there this summer, but they would send their belongings to the Manor for the house elves to set up, so that when they had their mid-term break in November, they wouldn't have to deal with all the small details, and the Manor would be ready for them.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was slightly surreal for the two teenagers, to actually be moving out of their guardians' homes. Even stranger was the idea that McGonagall Castle and the Burrow weren't really their homes anymore. The idea that they were actually adults had hit them hard, as they worked through all of their possessions, packing them into trunks and boxes, leaving bare rooms behind.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry couldn't help but compare it to the summer before his first year, when Vernon had moved him from his bedroom in the cupboard under the stairs, to Dudley's second bedroom. All of his belongings had fit into one box back then. And now? There were boxes and trunks everywhere; he had books, and pictures, clothing, all sorts of odds and ends that he had collected over the last few years. McGonagall Castle had been such a wonderful home for him, and while he would be sad to leave it, he was an adult, and it was time for him and Ginny to start living their own lives; they had been technically married for nearly four years, and they were ready to start acting like it.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly definitely spent much of her time holding back tears, as she watched her youngest child slowly packing up her room. How could it be that her little girl was already leaving the nest?</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ginny's seventeenth birthday took place at the end of the week, and they had a large party at the Burrow. Molly cooked up a storm, somehow managing to fit it all in between working on the dresses.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone had a great time, enjoying the food and the company. Ginny received many wonderful gifts, including the customary watch most witches and wizards received when they came of age, from her parents.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Her other presents included Quidditch related gifts, as well as candy, books, and other trinkets from her friends. Harry gave her a silver necklace with an 'H' and a 'G' entwined together for the pendant.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">The day was interrupted by a surprise guest as they sat down to cut into the large cake Molly had baked. It was much like ones she had made for Harry over the last few years, with a live-action Quidditch game on the top. A miniature Ginny and Harry were zooming around the frosting-Pitch.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Everyone was startled to look up and see Ignatius Prewett heading down the path to the garden. Ignatius nodded a greeting, and handed a wrapped gift to Ginny. "Many happy returns," he said stiffly.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly quickly greeted her uncle as Ginny murmured her thanks. Ignatius let a small smile slip through. "I also wish to offer my congratulations on your upcoming wedding. I am sure you will do the Family Prewett proud, as the new Lady Potter."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Reading between the lines, Ginny understood that her mother's uncle was pleased she was marrying into such a high station.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She was also grateful that Molly had informed her uncle of the engagement personally, since she knew that the stern overseer of the Family Prewett would not appreciate finding out about the union in the <em class="calibre9">Daily Prophet</em>. The day after Lavender had drawn attention to Ginny's engagement ring, a large article had appeared in the newspaper, decrying their upcoming wedding for the wizarding world to revel in. Harry and Ginny knew that many people would be trying to gain access to the wedding, which was precisely why they were doing this in another country, with only their group in attendance. No press hexing each other out of the way to get the first picture of the Lord and Lady Potter's first kiss. Just friends and family, celebrating a happy occasion.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ignatius abruptly turned to Molly and Arthur. "I would like to speak with you both, and Ronald, if you have a minute."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was phrased like a question, but it was clear he wanted to have this conversation now, so Arthur gestured for his wife and youngest son to follow him into the house.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They ended up in the sitting room, Ron incredibly confused, as Ignatius turned to face them. "I have spoken with Charles, and he is loath to return to England permanently. As this is his choice, and William has already turned down my offer, I find myself in a bit of a quandary."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Molly frowned. "What is it?" she asked, confused.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ignatius sighed slightly, and sat down stiffly. Arthur, Molly, and Ron followed his lead. "I hope you will not take offense when I say that I am disinclined to allow either Frederick or George the opportunity take charge of the Ancient and Noble House of Prewett. In any event, they do not wish the title either, so it is a moot point. That leaves you," he looked at Ron.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron gulped. "Me?" He hoped his voice didn't sound as squeaky as he thought it did.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ignatius nodded regally. "You. I do not wish to continue acting as Regent. There is a wizard of proper bloodline who has reached his majority, so it is time for me to pass the title on. I was never the heir. As you are the grandson of my older brother, the title correctly belongs to you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron stared, gobsmacked. He had never even considered this possibility. He had told the others of the conversation he had overheard last year, but he hadn't thought that <em class="calibre9">he </em>would be the one put in this position. Did he want to be a lord? A few years ago, he would have taken the offer without hesitation. But he knew more about what it would entail now, and he wasn't so sure he wanted it anymore. He had seen the work Harry had to handle, concerning the Potter assets. There was a lot more involved in a lordship than just a title and money.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">After a few moments of silence, he looked at his parents pleadingly. Understanding, Molly turned back to her uncle. "You have already gone to the others?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ignatius nodded. "William has already been named as your heir, Arthur. He informed me he is happy with that, and does not wish to take on the mantle of Head of House Prewett. Charles was my obvious choice; however, he does not wish to become a Head of House, period. He informed me that he is happy where he is. The twins similarly are not interested in a lordship. That leaves Ronald. If you decline, the Prewett line may very well become dormant. We are a patriarchal line, which means that even if Ginevra weren't already marrying into an Ancient and Noble House, she would not be eligible to take over House Prewett. And my wife and I have no children of our own."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron swallowed harshly. He wasn't sure what to do. After a moment, he bit his lip and forced himself to speak steadily, even though his heart was racing. "How quickly do you need an answer? I would like to consider the offer first, and speak with my girlfriend. I won't make any decisions without her."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ignatius seemed part put out, part impressed. "I will give you until the First of September to make your decision. Talk it over with your girlfriend and your family, and let me know what you decide."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all stood up and Ron nodded. "Thank you," he said sincerely.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ignatius inclined his head, and let Arthur and Molly escort him out, while Ron returned to the garden.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry and the others were immediately concerned at seeing the shell-shocked expression on Ron's face, but didn't question him there, knowing that he would come to them if he needed to, and suspecting it was something he would want to do in private.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Instead, they spent the rest of the evening eating cake, and Ginny showed Ron the present Ignatius had given her, a gold necklace with a pendant formed in the Prewett Family crest.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sure enough, the next day, Ron asked them all to meet up in the afternoon, so that he could tell them what Ignatius had wanted.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They were stunned when Ron told them that he might become the new Lord Prewett.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione stared for a few moments, unable to form words. "I thought you said Charlie would be named the heir," she finally managed to get out.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron shrugged. "Uncle Ignatius said he's already spoken with Bill and Charlie. Bill wants to remain the Weasley heir, and Charlie doesn't want a lordship. Neither do the twins, even if Uncle Ignatius was willing to pass it on to them, which he really isn't. If I don't take it, the line will go dormant." His eyes were pleading as he looked at his friends, especially the ones who were poised to take over as Head of House. "What do you think? I mean, I never really considered this. I didn't think I would ever have a title, and I was all right with that. Should I accept?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise and Neville shared a look, before they turned to Harry. He was the only one who had actually taken over as Head of his House. Blaise would be going to Gringotts with his mother next month, while Frank's recovery had pushed back Neville and Augusta's plan for him to take over at twenty-one. Not that any of them were complaining.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Susan was the first one to speak. "I'm not sure if I can help at all," she said hesitantly. "The Bones Family is just a Noble one, not Ancient and Noble. And it's different for us. We don't have the choice you do. We were born into this, and it's always been our obligation. You have the ability to decide whether or not you want this." Susan, like Blaise, would be going to Gringotts soon with her aunt, to officially claim her title.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Blaise nodded seriously. "Think carefully though, Ron. It's not just a title, or a large bank vault. I know the Prewett Family is an Ancient and Noble House, and very well-off; Ignatius Prewett has done a good job of managing the family fortune. But it's so much more than that. You'll be in charge of the family. You'll effectively be a ruling force over your uncle and his wife, and to a lesser extent your parents and brothers." He glanced at Ginny. "Since you're marrying into House Potter, technically you'll be higher than Ron, because the Potter Family is above the Prewett Family." He looked back at Ron. "When your mum married into the Weasley Family, she aligned the two Houses, making the Weasley Family something of a lesser branch to House Prewett. Ginny's done the same thing with the Weasley Family and House Potter, but that's not what we're talking about right now.  You will have authority over your father, and later, Bill."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry took over, his expression serious. "You'll be managing assets and investments, attending Wizengamot meetings, and a lot of other things. It's a lot of work, Ron. For you and your wife," he glanced at Hermione, and the girl blushed. "We're not trying to sway you, either way, we're just trying to be realistic. There is a lot involved in being a Head of House. But beyond that, you will have the opportunity to affect change. You'll be able to make people listen. We'll have the chance to work towards a brighter future. You'll have a voice in the government, in the way laws are worded and even if they're passed. With that comes even more responsibility, but you will be able to ensure that the right laws are making it through the Wizengamot."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron nodded in understanding, and turned to Hermione. "'Mione, I know we're not engaged, or married, but whatever I do is going to affect you, as well. What do you think?"</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione gulped, her eyes wide. She loved Ron, and she really didn't care how much money he had, or what his social standing was. But here he was, asking her what she thought about him becoming a lord. And her potentially becoming a lady.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">She shook her head slightly. "It's your decision Ron. I'll love you no matter what. It'll be a lot for both of us, but if you want this, I will support you."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron nodded again, and they decided to spend the rest of the afternoon outside. Ron had a lot to think about, and Hermione was right: it was his decision to make.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hogwarts letters were sent out the next morning, and no one was surprised when Ginny opened her letter to see the Head Girl badge fall out.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They congratulated her, as Ginny and Luna spent a few minutes speculating on how strange it would be, to be the only two of their group still in school.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">It was odd, to be going back to school after just a few weeks, and both wished they could have had some more time to relax, but understood why it couldn't happen.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Still, the school year was coming together well; Minerva had been hard at work with the other professors, and she thought they would be ready to go by the wedding. Remus would be returning to his position, but Sirius still didn't want to continue teaching, so Minerva had found someone else to take over. She had even managed to replace Binns, with a young woman who had just moved from America after completing a Mastery in History. Minerva was hopeful that the new professor would be better than Binns, not that there was much of a contest there.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They were interrupted a moment later, when more owls swooped through the window, dropping letters off for each of the newly graduated students.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Hermione shrieked as she picked up her envelope. "NEWT results!" she gasped, her eyes wide with anxiety.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius and Remus entered the dining room a moment later, followed by Minerva. The new headmistress smiled at seeing what the teenagers were holding. "I believe the Wizarding Examinations Authority has been working overtime these last few weeks, trying to get out OWL and NEWT results before the new term. We had to hold off on sending out Hogwarts letters until they were complete, so that new sixth years would know which classes they would be able to sign up for."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Sirius shifted impatiently. "Go on then, open them!" he encouraged, grinning.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Nervously, Harry and his friends opened the letters, reading through their results.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Harry felt a knot in his chest loosen as he read; while he hadn't exactly been nervous, it was still a relief to see that he had done well.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">When they all finished reading their own results, they passed the letters around, so that they could see how everyone had done.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Passing scores:</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">O: Outstanding</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">E: Exceeds Expectations</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">A: Acceptable</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Failing scores:</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">P: Poor</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">D: Dreadful</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">T: Troll</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">
              <em class="calibre9">NEWT results for Harry Potter</em>
            </em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Defense Against the Dark Arts: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Charms: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Transfiguration: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Potions: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Ancient Runes: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Arithmancy: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Herbology: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">--</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">NEWT results for Hermione Granger</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Defense Against the Dark Arts: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Charms: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Transfiguration: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Potions: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Ancient Runes: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Arithmancy: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Herbology: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Muggle Studies: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">--</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">NEWT results for Ronald Weasley</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Defense Against the Dark Arts: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Charms: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Transfiguration: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Potions: A</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Herbology: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">--</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">NEWT results for Neville Longbottom</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Defense Against the Dark Arts: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Charms: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Transfiguration: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Potions: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Arithmancy: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Herbology: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">--</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">NEWT results for Susan Bones</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Defense Against the Dark Arts: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Charms: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Transfiguration: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Potions: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Arithmancy: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Herbology: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">--</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">NEWT results for Blaise Zabini</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Defense Against the Dark Arts: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Charms: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Transfiguration: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Potions: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Ancient Runes: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Arithmancy: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Herbology: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">--</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">NEWT results for Daphne Greengrass</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8"> </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Defense Against the Dark Arts: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Charms: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Transfiguration: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Potions: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Ancient Runes: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Arithmancy: E</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <em class="calibre9">Herbology: O</em>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">Once everyone had seen all the results, Minerva smiled proudly at her former students. "Well done, all of you. You should be very proud of yourselves."</p>
          <p class="calibre8">They all murmured their thanks, before filing out of the dining room to get on with their day.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">
            <strong class="calibre2">XXX</strong>
          </p>
          <p class="calibre8">The next week was taken up with wedding plans. Harry, Ginny, and Sirius worked together to make sure that the Black property in Greece would be ready for them, and ensuring the house elves assigned to that property knew how they wanted the grounds set up for the ceremony and reception.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">Ron spent most of the time deep in thought, even as he helped out with the wedding and met with his new coach.</p>
          <p class="calibre8">A few days before they were set to leave for Greece, he finally had an answer. He sought out his parents that evening to tell them that he was going to accept Ignatius' offer. Both supported him, and the next day, they met with Ignatius at Gringotts to formalize it. Ron would study with his uncle for a year, before taking over as Head of House. Ron was happy that he wouldn't have to give up his spot with the Arrows. He would be able to play Quidditch and still perform the duties expected of him. Ignatius would stay on as the proxy for the Prewett seat on the Wizengamot, as Ron needed to be twenty-five to take over, just like Harry and Blaise.</p>
          <p class="calibre7"> </p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>



      
<div class="calibre1">
  <div class="calibre1" id="calibre_pb_46"></div>
</div>


</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_000.xhtml">Preface</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_002.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_003.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_004.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_005.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_006.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_007.xhtml">Chapter 6</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_008.xhtml">Chapter 7</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_009.xhtml">Chapter 8</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_010.xhtml">Chapter 9</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_011.xhtml">Chapter 10</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_012.xhtml">Chapter 11</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_013.xhtml">Chapter 12</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_014.xhtml">Chapter 13</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_015.xhtml">Chapter 14</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_016.xhtml">Chapter 15</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_017.xhtml">Chapter 16</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_018.xhtml">Chapter 17</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_019.xhtml">Chapter 18</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_020.xhtml">Chapter 19</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_021.xhtml">Chapter 20</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_022.xhtml">Chapter 21</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_023.xhtml">Chapter 22</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_024.xhtml">Chapter 23</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_025.xhtml">Chapter 24</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="Got One Hundred Steps to_split_026.xhtml">Afterword</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_022.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../ie7gv-7pwjs.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="Got%20One%20Hundred%20Steps%20to_split_024.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
